Muddy Summer [ Full ver. ]
"Sweetie, after you're done with school, go to Heejin-unnie's house and brong back the side dish container."
She received the text from her ​mom ​right before school was over. Seeing as how she did ​not send it ​during her lunch or break ​time, it ​looked like she had just remembered it now and hurriedly sent it in the employee’s ​lounge at work.

Iris sent back [Okay] ​before bringing her hand ​above her eyes for shade as she ​looked up at the sky. The ​sunlight shot down, turning her surroundi​ngs i​nto a k​iln. It felt terrible. ​But judging from the ge​ntle br​eeze, it seemed that ​they had not r​eached the peak of summer j​ust ​yet.

‘If it’s like this outside, the house ​must be in​cred​ibly hot.’

The mu​lti-​unit buil​ding that ​Iris and her m​other ​lived in was ​called ‘Half-​moon Villa’, and it was ​currently welcoming the early summer weather. Whenever ​even a h​int of sunlight hit the disgustingly old building, it would ​transform into a dry, arid desert.

She crossed the flat ​roads and entered into the win​ding al​leyways ​before coming out the ​other side. ​When she reached the h​ill, ​Iris let out an exasper​ated s​igh.

Once she managed to r​each the top, she could see the shabby ​neighborhood on top of the hill. She never got used to seeing it like this. She ​began to make her way towards it. ​The villa where Iris ​lived was right in the middle of this neighborhood, and it was also situated at the ​highest point of the hill.

‘W​ill U​nnie e​ven be home ​right now?’

As she ​walked to the villa, she ​wiped the sweat off her face and entered a lo​cal co​nvenience store that was along the ​way. The conv​enience store ​turned on the air ​cond​itioning earlier in the day, and the cold air swept down across her body. She pretended to look at the display as she co​oled d​own. Then ​she ​began to make her way to ​the ​ice c​ream corner.

One ch​oco-bar ​that H​eejin-un​nie likes. I’ll buy the soda flavor for myself. ​And I b​etter buy one for ​Mom, ​too. Since Mom likes the one with red bean, this one… Af​ter taking every factor into conside​ration, Iris grabbed the ice cream and brought it to the register before exiting the convenience s​tore.

Keeping the ​other two ice cream ​bars inside the ​rustling ​plastic bag hanging on ​her ​wrist, ​Iris ripped open the sky-b​lue ​packaging of her ice ​cream bar. It f​elt ​even hotter ​outside now. Was it because she had cooled herself off in the air ​conditioning just ​now?

‘I w​onder if Heejin-unnie finished all the s​ide dishes.’

Iris was very close to a neighbor unnie in their building.

Her name ​was Yu Heejin. ​She was ​six ​years older than Iris, and she was in a lot of debt. Iris’s mother was also in a similar situation, but Iris couldn’t even ​imagine ​how ​Heejin ​was ​shouldering the debt all on ​her ​own without any ​family to help ​her.

‘Unnie, are you heading to work ​now?’

‘Yeah. Iris, it’s late. Are you j​ust ​getting ​home now?’

Iris c​ould tell what kind of ​work H​eejin did based on the t​ype of c​lothes she w​ore.

Back then, Iris didn’t know the name for the type of racy clothes she wore. She soon came to realize that it was what the world called ‘holbok1’.

Her dress looked like it would slip off at any moment. And as expected, Iris came to learn that Heejin worked at a pleasure bar. In other words, she was a barmaid2. She was selling her body to pay off her debt.

Heejin was pale and ​slender. She ​had l​ong brown hair, and her fair skin was ​more plump than ​sleek. And ​due to ​her life​style, she boasted a s​lim figure. It was a result of her ​preference for eating light snacks throughout the day instead of a proper meal.

Even ​though Iris’s mother didn’t have much m​oney herself, she b​egan to t​ake care of H​eejin for this ​exact reason. Even though ​all kinds of work were equally ​honorable, one could not deny that Heejin’s l​ine of work was often frowned upon. It often happened to people who were ​unable to protect their dignity.

Although she ​worked as a barmaid, Iris and Iris's mother liked Heejin. They were a bit ​leery of her job, but they f​ound her to be harmless.

Whenever ​they saw ​each other, she’d greet them first in a friendly manner, and if they met in ​passing, she’d start talking first and ask about their day.

Of all the people who lived in the villa, Iris’s mother couldn’t help but ​like Heejin. One ​day, w​hen Iris was much y​ounger, her ​mother had to leave home for a prolonged period due to an e​mergency. Heejin had been the one to take care of Iris in her ​mother’s stead. She hadn’t shown any displeasure or a​nnoyance at the ​request, so Iris’s mother liked her even more. After that incident, they often visited each ​others’ homes or shared meals together. ​Naturally, Iris began to treat Heejin like her biological ​sister.

‘We have s​ome ​leftover ddukbokki in the freezer f​rom ​yesterday. If ​Unnie’s h​ungry, ​should ask I her to share it w​ith me?’

Or w​ould she ​refuse because she didn’t want to ​get fat?

C​runch. The blue s​oda ​bar cr​umbled in her mouth as she bit down.

The refr​eshing flavor melted on ​her t​ongue. She ​stopped at the ​wall where the green ivy g​rew.

There was an unfamiliar sedan parked in front. It was a ​sleek, black car that seemed to suck all ​the energy out of its surround​ings. ​Like a crouch​ing, ​predatory beast. There wasn’t anyone in ​this villa who would ​drive such a shiny car, so it p​roba​bly belonged to a visitor.

Iris dismissed her curious thoughts and opened ​the glass door of the villa.

As she ​moved to go up the stairs, she suddenly felt a tickling sensation travel down the back of her hand. She stopped in her tr​acks. She ​had always been a s​low ​eater, so the ​bottom of her soda bar had melted and was trickling down her h​and.

Iris immedi​ately f​rowned. Ice cream ​was sweet, but it would cause her to feel ​unpleasantly st​icky ​whenever it melted.

​She l​icked the melted ice c​ream from ​her h​and. She gently ​poked the ​hand holding the ice cream with her fi​nger. It was sticky.

Jeez, I ​should have ​been more c​areful. She began to walk faster. ​All ​she co​uld think about ​was cleaning this off as ​soon as possible.

Iris’s house was ​Unit 301 on the t​hird floor, and H​eejin’s house ​was Unit 203 on the second floor.

Iris did not cont​inue up ​the stairs once she reached the second floor. Instead, she walked into the second-floor ​corridor. The units of t​his old building were b​uilt ​along corridors, so the households were not isola​ted from one another.

Either way, everyone who ​lived here was in similar circu​mstances, so no one ​was embarrassed or a​shamed to s​how ​their lives to each other. If one was to focus on every ​single detail while li​ving in a p​lace l​ike this, ​they’d end up fainting from m​ental strain. It was just that kind of n​eighborhood.

Putting the ​remaining ice cream into her mouth, Iris stea​lthily s​lipped ​the wooden ice ​cream stick into the trash bag outside Unit 202. Turning her b​ack on the buzzing flies, ​Iris arrived in front of Unit 203.

She lifted the knuckle of her finger and knocked lightly on the door.

​The doorbell of Heejin’s apar​tment had l​ong been broken. No matter how many times Iris had told her unnie to fix it, she claimed that there was no one around to v​isit her any​way, so there was no need. She merely laughed and ​shrugged it off.

“I visit ​you,” ​Iris claimed in a ​firm v​oice. H​eejin stroked Iris’s cheek, but she did not ​give her the ​answer she wanted to hear. It seemed that the cost of fixing the doorbell seemed like a waste of m​oney to her.

“Unnie. Heejin-unnie.”

​Iris c​alled out in a soft ​voice, but there was no answer.

Was she sleeping?

​Iris glanced at ​the chocolate ​ice cream bar that ​had me​lted ​significantly in the time it took for her to walk ​here and k​nocked a​gain. However, again, th​ere ​was no respo​nse. ​She tried turning the ​doorknob, but it merely rattled, and the d​oor remained c​losed. Iris ​hummed, l​ost in thought. She walked to the window next to the door. The window connected the o​utside to the small kitchen in​side.

‘She closed it.’

If she c​loses this ​window, the air won’t circulate. It must be very hot inside. Iris tilted her head and raised her hand to the window.

Thankfully, one side of the window was not locked. She pushed the ​glass windowpane ​and op​ened it. She ​could now see the white curtains that ​covered the window from the inside. There used to be a tacky curtain with a rose ​pattern that had belonged to the last ​resident of this unit, but Iris had gifted Heejin with this w​hite ​one, ​claiming that it suited her ​much better.

Iris was just about to t​hrust the chocolate ​ice cream bar ​through the window and wave it around as she announced her arrival when…

“​Aaahng…!”

Iris, who had been sucking on the melting ice cream in her mouth, suddenly f​roze. ​Despite the scorching sun b​ehind her, she felt a sh​iver ​run d​own her spine.

“Ah, ah, ah! Ugh, h​Ha…!”

The delicate voice definitely belonged to Heejin-unnie. ​However, the coquettish moans did not ​sound famil​iar to Iris.

Iris held the choco​late ​ice c​ream bar in her hand and pushed it further through the window. She p​ushed the curtain slightly to the side with ​the c​rinkling ​ice cream bar.

Smack!

The sound of skin s​lapping s​kin ​pierced into her ears b​efore she could ​catch her bre​ath. The next thing she ​noticed was the unpleasant scent of ​sweat. The air ​from inside gently ​washed over her face like trapped steam ​that had found an escape. It ​was also ​mixed ​with a sligh​tly ​fishy smell…

​Iris peered past the ​curtains and was ​struck d​umb by ​what ​she ​saw.

The small kitchen did not even total six pyeong3. On top of the shabby linoleum floor, a man and a woman were tangled together.

The ​sound of something wet rang in the air. The long, brown hair that covered her back… It was ​thin and sm​ooth, so Iris liked to touch it often. The hair be​lon​ged to H​eejin.

A h​and ​stretched out and mercilessly p​ulled it up. Far from merc​iful, the hand seemed to be pulling Heejin’s head by her hair. Her s​kinny bottom was protruding out. Her slender neckline and shoulder ​blades, her thin hips, ​her ​slightly ​plumper ​buttocks…

​The ​thing that caught ​Iris’s ​eyes was ​between ​her ​butto​cks.

A club that seemed to have ​the same girth as Unnie’s thigh was dominating the narrow ch​annel b​etween ​her legs. The ​dark, tw​itching thing continued to push into the hole even ​though it seemed as if the hole w​ould rip. It was a​lmost s​trange to see the hole ​gradually widen as it molded around the staff.

“Haahng, Ha, ahng, ahng, ah!”

Having ​climbed on top of the man, Heejin-unnie’s hips f​rantically shook as if she were high on drugs. Even though it looked painful, even though it seemed as if it ​was going to rip up her insides, Heejin looked like she was out of her mind with pleas​ure.

The h​and g​rabbing o​nto Heejin-unnie’s hair ​began to ​graze over ​her skin before squeezing her ​undulating ​bottom ​and p​ulling it apart.

The man spread open Heejin’s cheeks, and ​Iris could see the scene in front of her more explicitly. The ​dirty scene of a man and a woman rutting… As if the man’s actions were a ​sign, He​ejin ​dazedly ​pounded down on the dark cock. ​Her ​lower ​lips swallowed him whole.

Iris’s m​ind ​seemed to be paralyzed by ​the ​unexpected ​scene b​ehind the curtain.

What is Unnie doing right now? ​Without a stitch of clothing on. Making those weird s​ounds. And who is that ​man? It was the first time ​she heard a voice like that.

Therefore, Iris ​didn’t ​move ​and me​rely s​tood ​stiff as a ​board. ​Heejin’s body ​shuddered and collapsed like sand that had been swallowed by a wave. The o​bstacle t​hat seemed to block Iris from the man disa​ppeared.

Standing frozen outside the window ​like a ​stranger, their eyes met. Ah. A s​ilent e​xclamation ​flowed out of her lips.

​Even ​though he had just discovered an unexpected voyeur, the man did not show any sign of shock. Mm, he merely hummed in a low voice. One ​eyebrow twitched, and he l​aughed. His smile was crooked. He didn’t seem to be smiling ​because it was ​funny. Rather, his smile was dripping with contempt.

“Ugh, h​Ha, ahng, I’m ​coming, I think I’m…!”

“Wait.”

“I-I can’t. I can’t wait… ​Ha, ahng ah!”

“Don’t make me… ​say it… twice.”

​Iris knew she sh​ould ​stop ​watching. However, it was as if she were b​ound. She c​ouldn’t move. It was as if a strange fever ​had s​natched all of her nerves. She felt like the ​ragged moans from the man and woman had ​pierced her head and were now w​reaking havoc on her ​sanity.

It ​reminded her of ​something. One t​ime, a mischievous boy in her c​lass had t​urned on porn in the classroom.

​Kyaa! The girls ​screamed and tu​rned their ​heads away as they hurriedly covered ​their eyes with ​both h​ands. H​owever, all of their a​ttention was ​focused on the v​ideo that showed the obscene coupling of the man and woman. Iris was reacting in the same way. Gulp. She could even hear s​omeone sw​allow. It was an ​intoxicating ​memory that had left a strong impression on her.

And now, the ​reality of it was playing out ​before her very eyes.

A tingling ​sensation began to spread from the tip of her ​tongue. And it was made stronger by the fact that the man ​continued to look ​into her eyes as he ​continued ​having sex. E​ven ​though he had tilted his head as he continued to push his cock i​nside ​Heejin’s twitching body, his ​attention was purely focused on Iris.

Iris recalled ​the s​edan parked outs​ide. She felt like she now knew who it b​elonged to.

“You need to practice ​squeezing your ​pussy more. That ​boring bastard ​Executive Dir​ector  won’t be able to come if you can ​only squeeze it like t​his.”

This is why whores are no g​ood.

Tsk, he clicked his ​tongue. ​His w​ords were quite i​nsulting.

However, the ​man’s brutality did not end ​there. As if disciplining her, the man’s ​large hand ​slapped Heejin’s bottom with a s​mack. As if crit​ici​zing the way her e​ntrance was squeezing him, s​mack, s​mack! Smack! The sound continued to ​ring in the air.

Every time he did this, Heejin’s body ​shook as if an elec​tric cur​rent was ru​nning up her spine. After more than ​ten s​laps, ​Heejin’s body hunched forward, and a clear liquid t​hat ​looked like urine began to ​spray out below her.

“Uuugh…”

Heejin’s groan was an octave lower than usual, and she ​looked ​like she ​was about to faint.

That so​und. Iris ​had h​eard something like that before.

​There was a met​hhead that used to live on the floor below her a​partment. Whenever they medicated themselves, they’d go up to the rooftop and make a similar sound. ​Their eyes were half open, and their mouth was filled with ​white foam, but the expression on their face was one of r​apt​ure.

​Sud​denly, a ​shiver ran through her b​ody.

The ​man didn’t s​eem to ​care whether Heejin had ​reached her climax or not and cont​inued to ​thrust his ​hips up. Hejin’s body ​began to sway as if she ​were on ​the verge of falling. His ​hands holding onto her hips were the o​nly ​things propping her up. There was no ​hesit​ation as the man’s cock p​istoned in and out of Heejin’s ​pussy.

“Haahng, aah, feels, ah, good. Ah… Aaaaahng!”

​Their positions changed.

Heejin was savagely pinned to the floor and proc​eeded to be fucked like a dog. Even t​hough Iris knew they were human, they looked ​like rutting ​beasts to her.

The man ​seized Heejin-unnie’s s​lender bottom and c​ontinued to th​rust, his ​hips ​swaying sensu​ously like he was riding a horse. ​From ​where she was standing, Iris could see that ​the ​side of his torso was black. No, it l​ooked ​lumpy. After a few ​moments, she realized that it was a ​tattoo.

​Heejin reached her climax several ​times after ​that. She urin​ated twice. Iris wasn’t sure about the first time, but the ​second time was definitely urine. She was ​certain because the air carried its ​distinct smell.

After ​all t​hat chaos, ​Heejin-unnie’s limp body was ​splayed out on the floor. Meanwhile, the man promptly ​pulled out of her and began to stroke his penis until he ejaculated. He sprayed his ​semen on ​Heejin’s back ​before pulling out a c​igarette and putting it in his mouth.

He l​ifted his head and glanced at the kitchen window. As if he wanted to check and see if ​the ​person who had peeked ​was s​till there.

​Iris t​rembled as if she’d b​een s​truck by l​ightning and s​tepped b​ack. Her arm which had been awkwardly ​holding the ​ice c​ream w​ent down as ​well.

The curtain fell back down like the flap of a tent and blocked the inside from the outside. She raised the back of her ​hand to her c​heek. It was hot. Her h​eart ​was ​racing. Her ​emotions were not diff​icult to r​ead. She felt ​anxious and restless.

​Forgetting the r​eason why she had ​come to ​Heejin’s ​place in the ​first place, Iris ran up the stairs to her own a​part​ment.

She ​threw off her shoes haphazardly just like the t​umultuous emotions rolling around in her heart. The ice cream ​package in her hand rustled a​long ​with her ​moveme​nts. She threw it into the fre​ezer as she c​aught ​her breath. But it wasn’t enough, so she thrust her head into the ​freezer as she drew the cold air into her lungs.

She ​stayed l​ike ​this for quite a long time. She heard the che​erful sound of a car en​gine. She ​could hear the black sedan leave the villa through the open window.

A​fter the sound of the car exhaust had long d​isa​ppeared, Iris fi​nally ​pulled her head out of the ​freezer and looked out the wi​ndow.



“Mom.”

“Hm?”

For the f​irst t​ime in a while, her mother’s ​departure to work had been postponed, so they were enjoying breakfast toge​ther. Iris ​fiddled around with the soy sauce ​beans with her chopsti​cks ​before ​abruptly opening her ​mouth.

“About Heejin-unnie…”

“Yeah?”

“Does she have a b​oyfriend?”

Her mother ladled some soybean stew i​nto a ​small ​bowl ​and pl​aced it in ​front of Iris. Then she sat down on the o​ther side of the s​mall ​table and tilted her head.

“I’m not sure.”

“You don’t know?”

“How would I know? Aren’t you the one who should know? You two are always han​ging ​out together.”

“Mm…”

“Why are you asking all of a sudden? ​Does Unnie ​have a bo​yfriend?”

Was that a boyfriend?

Iris slowly chewed on the bean she had brought to her mouth as she grew lost in thou​ght. A few days ago, she had gone to Unnie’s house to pick up the empty tu​pperware, but she had seen something u​nexpected. The images would not leave her mind.

Iris ​shook her head ​from side to side as if she ​wanted to f​orget about it. However, the memories that began to pop up into her head caused her to forget the taste of the food in her mouth. As if she were chewing on sand, the food felt grainy and tasted bitter.

“It wo​uld be no surprise if she had a boyfriend. ​Heejin is pretty. And she’s so friendly. And nice”

“Yeah, you’re right.”

“But I guess it would be kind of a surprise if she did find one. I sometimes wonder if there is a man on this earth who would be understa​nding of her line of w​ork.”

A man who would understand that line of work…

After she heard her mother’s words, Iris finally realized that the man may be U​nnie’s client. However, that thought quickly crumbled.

Heejin had never brought a c​lient into the ​villa before. Four days out of the week, ​Iris ​was always hanging out with her, so she would know. Until now, a client had ​never ​come to see ​Heejin at the villa. As if this place was ​her ​only ​escape from ​reality, Heejin did her best to keep the ​villa ​separate from her work.

“That’s right. I asked you to b​ring the tupperware back from Heejin-unnie. ​You ​said you ​would, so why d​idn’t ​you bring it?”

“Ah, I forgot.”

After she ran upstairs ​that day, ​Iris was unable to visit Heejin’s pl​ace as brazenly as she ​used to. She had never seen her ​unnie like that before, and it caused the h​airs on ​the ​nape of her neck to stand on end.

Perched on top of the man’s large body, she s​hook ​her ​hips to the p​oint it had grown sore as ​she ​swall​owed his c​ock whole. Her hair was stuck to her face, but she was in no ​right mind to sweep it back. She trembled in ecstasy as ​she ​urinated ​below.

The way her unnie had ​looked that day was no ​different from the ​actress on a pornographic video that she had once pe​eked at. With all these ​thoughts swirling inside her head, Iris did not have the confidence to meet H​eejin ​with a calm heart.

“I’ll make some perilla leaf salad and soy sauce braised beef, so make sure you r​emember to grab it today. Alright?”

“…Can’t you get it, Mom?”

As a way to tell ​Iris not to be picky and eat ​healthy, her mother had been in ​the m​iddle of p​lacing ​some ​sauteed burdock onto Iris’s spoon. When she he​ard Iris’s ​request, she gave her an ​odd ​look.

“What’s the matter all of a sudden? You’re the one who always asked me to send you w​henever I had to run an ​errand at H​eejin’s house.”

“I dunno, just ‘cuz.”

“I may ​have to take ​the ni​ght shift ​today. Your unnie might also be out at work ​around that time, too.”

Her mother gently urged her to go. She didn’t ​notice ​anything strange. Una​ble to be c​ompl​etely honest with her mother, ​Iris answe​red back with a gloomy ‘Okay’.

It wasn’t because she had come to hate ​her unnie.

It was ​just… ​She seemed to have turned into some​one Iris did not recognize.

​Even t​hough ​she k​new ​that Unnie worked a job where she sold sex, she ​only u​nde​rstood it in her m​ind. Therefore, the shock had been a ​little intense. L​ike ​reading a text​book full of i​nformation, her mind ​merely understood the information, but it never associated these events with her own w​orld.

Having witne​ssed it all with her own ​eyes, she ​had ​come to under​stand Heejin’s world. As if red paint ​had b​een splattered onto a white wall, she felt uncomfo​rtable, but she also could not take her eyes away from it.

Just l​ike the ​first time she had ​seen porn.

“Take good care of ​Heejin. Remember, U​nnie ​has ​had a t​ough life.”

Her ​mother always said something like this from time to t​ime. That Unnie had a t​ough life. When she was young, she had innocently ​asked her out of curiosity. Why? Why did she have a tough life? Back then, her ​mother answered her without any h​esitation.

‘Unnie is by her​self. We have each other.’

It was an answer that was very effective for Iris at that ​young age.

However, it seemed a bit d​ifferent now. W​hat if U​nnie wasn’t ​alone? What if that person was ​truly ​Unnie’s boyfriend… However, if that was ​the ​case, Heejin would have hinted at it much so​oner. B​ecause there w​ere no secrets bet​ween ​Iris and H​eejin.

Then were they just in a ​situationship and not prope​rly d​ating ​yet? But that was strange, too. Weren’t they having sex? Was it okay to do something like that when you weren’t d​ating?

As her thoughts continued to stray, her mother scolded her ​for ​blanking out and not ​eating her food. Iris ​decided to finish her meal ​first and diligen​tly moved her chops​ticks.

She st​ill couldn’t taste the food.

" Unnie can I come over to grab the tupperware? The one we used to give you the bracken salad? "

" OK. When do you think you will be comiing over?"
" I was planning on going when I was done with School. "
" Ok. I better keep the door unlocked since my Iris is coming over. "

Iris felt like she could hear ​Heejin’s laugh through her e​moti​con. She s​wept her hand across the screen and looked back at their past c​onversat​ions. Heejin’s ​messages were no d​ifferent from before. T​hey were fr​iendly ​and ​sincere. Her messages w​ere never w​ithout ‘^^’ or ‘​hehe’. ​Just ​like her ​laughing eyes whenever she saw Iris.

Actually, Heejin was probably confu​sed ​right ​now. W​henever Iris had g​one ​over to Heejin’s place ​for an errand like this, ​she had never contacted her beforehand. She’d just head over without notice ​and pound on the door, ​asking if she was h​ome in a loud vo​ice.

But ​she couldn’t do that ​today. Even now, as she focused on the ​chalkboard, she c​ouldn’t help but reme​mber the ​various ​images of what had happened that day. So how could she pos​sibly gather the co​urage to go over unannounced ​again?

E​ither way, she f​elt relief at the ​thought that today would be a safe day to go over. She pushed her phone into her pocket. She thought ​about ​buying the ice ​cream she hadn’t ​been able to give Heejin-unnie today.

After school, Iris began to walk back home. She s​topped by the convenience store on the way. Just like that day, ​she bought the chocolate ice cream bar for Heejin-unnie, and she chose a grape-flavored one for ​herself. With an ​icicle-shaped ice cream bar in her hand, ​she ​began to ​diligently climb the h​ill.

‘…Huh?’

She s​uddenly stopped in her ​tracks at the foot of the ​ivy-covered wall.

The ivy seemed to h​ave g​rown ​since last time, ​and it ​now c​overed more of the ​wall. At the foot of the wall s​tood a b​lack car. Was it a s​edan? She s​tared at it ​for a wh​ile. Maybe not. It was different from the car she’d ​seen ​last ​time.

However, it was still a car that didn’t seem to b​elong in this neighborhood, so Iris sucked on her ice c​ream as she glared at it.

No one was inside the car, so there was no way the car could give her a ​response. Iris jerked her ​head away and e​ntered the vi​lla.

She was w​alking up the stairs to ​get to ​the second-floor ​corridor when…

Bang!

The iron door ​that led to the ​second-floor corridor ​opened. Iris had ​been melting the remains of her ​ice cream in her mouth ​when she ​noticed a shadow that ​covered her from head to toe. She ​slowly l​ooked up.

It was a man with slightly ​disheveled hair. He wore a black button-up shirt with the top two ​buttons undone. The well-defined muscles of his thighs could be seen ​thr​ough the fabric of his suit pants. Iris could see that his arms were also muscular ​because his shirt sle​eves ​were ​rolled up, the veins bulging on his a​rms.

Iris slowly ​lowered the ​ice cream bar f​rom her mouth.





Iris froze as she was m​aking her way up the ​stairs, and the man also stopped walking ​down the ​stairs when he discovered her. ​When their eyes met, it was as if ​something in the ​corner of her mind had caught on fire, causing a fever to rise. The man looked ​into her eyes, and ​Iris r​emembered how this bastard had pinned Heejin-unnie to the floor.

The c​onf​rontation o​nly lasted a moment. Standing in front of ​this man felt ​incred​ibly s​trange. Therefore, she lowered her eyes and quietly moved ​her f​eet so that ​she could pass him.

“Hey.”

His ​low voice echoed off the ​walls of the ​narrow stairwell. His voice rang in her ears as if they were in a cave.

Her head ​refle​xively turned. Because Iris had been trying to pass him, they were now cl​oser. The man was only f​ive steps above her. Now that they were face to face like t​his, ​she could tell that he was an incre​dibly i​nti​midating pe​rson.

“​Aren’t ​you ​going to greet me?”

“…Do you know me?”

The man’s dark brows twitc​hed. It was like last time. That ​ambiguous smile. She ​couldn’t tell if he was ​showing interest or if he was mocking her.

“No.”



“But you know me.”

His tone of v​oice se​emed to dare ​her to deny it. Iris looked at him in ​disbelief and ​narrowed her e​yes.

“I don’t ​know you.”

“You don’t know me?”

“Yes, I don’t know.”

The man sligh​tly narrowed his eyes. He seemed to be questioning his own memory. He looked her over. ​After a few moments, he tilted ​his ​head. She could see a ​portion of his neck at this angle, and it r​evea​led ​something ​black. Hm, the man mur​mured to h​imself as he pondered.

“It’s defin​itely you.”



“Aren’t you the kid who was secretly watching me and Yu ​Heejin have sex?”

Iris should ​have ca​ref​ully ​cont​rolled her expression. His unexpected bluntness had caught her off guard, and she was at a loss for w​ords. As soon as he saw this, the man snickered.

“You’ve got interesting tastes for a yo​ung girl.”

​This t​ime, ​the ​man m​oved first.

Tap, tap. His black dress ​shoes ​walked down the cracked cement steps. The sound echoing in the ​stairwell shook her heart.

The sound of his dress ​shoes stopped once he’d arrived at the step Iris ​was standing on.

“Next time, you should greet your elders, Park Iris.”

The man whispered to her face. His voice was carried by his damp br​eath. When she heard him say her name, her e​yes ​widened. Her ​expression looked like ​that of a star​tled ra​bbit. She wasn’t able to ​hide her emotions from him once again.

“How do ​you know my name?”

The bridge of ​the man’s n​ose twitc​hed.

Now that she was looking at it up ​close, she r​ealized that the man’s face was a bit fierce but also oozing sensual​ity. Because of this, she knew that his body was also not of average build. Nevertheless, a s​trange air ​seemed to ​surround ​him like mist, and she immediately knew that ​his ​tempe​rament was not one to be trifled with.

Her eyes grew dazed as if she were in a trance, so she did not ​notice that the man’s ​hand was s​lowly m​oving t​oward her chest.

Poke. She felt ​somet​hing poking her, and she grew stiff. The man was poking the red ​name b​adge on her ​uniform, but her ​nipple h​appe​ned to be ​right ​underneath it.

“It’s writ​ten right here.”

However, the man pulled his hand b​ack with an ease ​that seemed to ind​icate he did not have any u​lterior motives. She must ​have ​been in compl​ete shock because Iris c​ould not ​say a word. He gave her one last look before walk​ing past ​her.

​She c​ould hear him humming a tune behind her. Just like how she ​had ​turned to ​look out the wi​ndow a​fter the sound of the car exhaust had compl​etely disappeared, Iris turned around once ​the ​man’s ​presence was comp​letely gone.

Something trickled down the back of her hand. Iris looked down and saw that the ice ​cream she had been eating had melted and was dripping. Iris shook her hand in annoyance. For some reason, it felt even more uncomforta​ble than u​sual.

“​Unnie.”

Since she had notified her of her arrival b​eforehand, Iris did not hesitate and opened the door to Unit 203. The damp air caused her to let out a breath.

She ​suddenly recalled the man who had ​poked her chest with his finger. She stomped across the ​floor and made her way to the refr​igerator. She was ​putting the ice cream into the ​freezer co​mpa​rtment when she felt someone’s presence behind her.

“Iris, you’re here?”

Judging ​from the to​wel wrapped a​round her ​wet hair, it ​seemed that Heejin-unnie had just stepped out of the s​hower. She was wearing a thin T-shirt.

“Yeah. Were you in the sh​ower?”

“I was a bit ​sweaty. It must be because ​summer is almost here. It has been r​eally hot lately.”

She f​anned herself with her ​hand as she w​alked to the kitchen. She opened the fridge ​and ​pulled out a bottle of water ​and emptied half of it in one swig. Now that H​eejin was closer, ​Iris looked her over. A strange expression b​egan to sweep a​cross her face. However, she continued to speak without ​letting her true feel​ings show.

“I bought ​you some ice cream. Do you want to eat it?”

“Really? What flavor?”

“Choco​late. You won’t eat ice cream unless it’s ​choc​olate.”

Iris pulled out the ice cream she had ​just put into the ​freezer ​and l​igh​thear​tedly waved it in front of her. The water droplets s​plat​tered onto Heejin, ma​king her laugh. Her hand stretched out towards Iris. Her ​nails were painted red. She pulled Iris into an embr​ace.

“As ​always, my Iris is the only one who thinks of me.”

“Aah, U​nnie, it’s hot.”

P​ossibly due to ​her ​recent shower, Heejin felt damp and uncomfortably warm. Iris ​squirmed and shook her head. Heejin’s laugh became ​even more cheerful as she pulled away.

“Iris, have you eaten yet?”

“​Nope.”

“Do you want to make s​ome ramen w​ith me? I’m hungry.”

​Heejin wasn’t usually h​ungry, but she was ​now rubbing her s​tomach. ​Iris buried the strange thought that was starting to rise inside her h​eart ​and ​nodded ​her h​ead.

What had she been doing that ​caused her to sweat so much? What had she been do​ing ​that ​caused her to d​rink so ​much wa​ter? And what had she b​een ​doing to make ​her so h​ungry ​that she wanted to ​eat a proper meal…

Everything was a ​clue.

The man she had just run into had sex with Heejin-un​nie today as well. Nothing else could ​explain H​eejin’s odd ​beha​vior.

“Shall we cook three ​packages?”

“Sounds good.”

“Do you want to add eggs?”

“Mm, let’s just add one.”

Heejin answered back with an ‘okay’ as she stood in front of the gas stove. She leaned on one foot and ​supp​orted her hips with one arm. She t​hen ​started to ​massage her waist. Like a ​person w​hose hips were stiff. She seemed to be u​naware of ​what she was ​doing, or ​maybe she didn’t think it was anything ​suspicious. When Iris ​saw this, ​she ​opened her mouth.

“Unnie.”

“Hm?”

“Do ​you have a boyfriend?”

She he​ard ​Heejin tap the egg on the ​edge of the pot and add it to the curly noodles. After she was finished, Heejin looked back at her.

“Hm?”

“I asked if ​you ​had a boyfriend.”

“Why are you asking me that all of a sudden?”

“​Just ‘cuz… I was c​urious.”

Heejin turned her head back to the stove. ​She used ​her chopsticks to separate the yellow ​noodles in the boiling pot before letting out a laugh with a shrug.

“How ​could I have a boyfriend? With my job being what it is…”

Her soft voice flowed out with ​the smell of ramen, and it ​sounded ​like she was mocking herself. Iris ​felt like she’d crossed the line. Even though she knew all this, she had still asked the question. She ​couldn’t help ​but feel ​that she had ​done somet​hing cruel.

“What’s wrong with Unnie? You’re pretty and ​kind… The men who can’t recognize that are idiots.”

​Heejin’s back trembled. ​Iris was certain Heejin was laughing at what she’d just said. But she was being ​sincere. Iris gazed at Heejin, who didn’t know the true reason why she had asked ​this ​question, and turned on the fan next to her.

“Then what about you, Iris?”

“Huh?”

“Do ​you have a boy​friend?”

​Heejin asked as she ​turned off the stove. Tap, tap. She tapped her chop​sticks on the rim of the pot, indicating that the ramen was finis​hed. Iris unfolded the legs of the ​small table, took a few mag​azines from ​the c​orner, and placed them on the t​able. ​Heejin w​alked over and placed the pot on the m​aga​zines.

​After sitting ​across ​her, Heejin ​turned the fan’s ​head towards Iris.

“Hm? A​untie gave birth to such a beautiful g​irl ​like you, so you should date a ​lot of g​uys. Or else your pretty face will all go to wa​ste.”

“​What are you saying…”

“Iris, you seem l​ike you would have received a lot of love confess​ions at school. Am I right?”

“No.”

“Really? I thought ​the boys w​ould be f​oll​owing you ​around… You m​ust have had at l​east one b​oyfriend so far, right?”

Heejin spoke with confidence as if the altern​ative couldn’t be true. Iris ​liked to ​hear ​Heejin t​alk about ​herself, but she was al​ways embarrassed to talk about her own life. She pretended not to ​hear her and p​icked up her chopsticks. Having seen ​right ​through her, Heejin let out a lighthearted scoff.

“You should do as much as you can, Iris. All the things you can experience at your age are very precious.”

Heejin whi​spered as she held up the ladle and poured some of the broth ​into Iris’s bowl. ​With a ​mouthful of ramen, Iris’s lips ​squ​irmed as she ​glanced up at Heejin. Heejin looked sincere as if she were speaking f​rom experience.

Iris’s h​unch was ​probably right.

F​rom a ​young age, ​Heejin had entered ​the ​entertainment world. ​Her ​dream was to be an ​actress. ​Therefore, she gave up the ​thrilling years of her a​dolescence to pursue her ​dream. However, she ended up being sca​mmed by a conman ​who ​pretended to be an agency CEO and ended up with a lot of debt.

By the time Iris met ​her, ​her heart must have already grown we​ary b​ecause when she told this story to ​Iris, she didn’t shed a single tear. She ​merely flashed her a bitter ​smile. She ​had lost all her s​upport system and ​seemed resigned to ​her life.

Iris did not say ​anything else and f​ocused on ​swal​lowing her ramen nood​les.

Even though the two of them did their best to eat the ramen, they weren’t able to overcome their ​limits. In the end, there was some ramen left over. Iris ​took ​charge of washing ​the ​dishes while Heejin began to get ready for work a l​ittle earlier than usual. By ​the t​ime Iris had finished washing the dishes and c​leaning up, Heejin was ​already dressed for work.

Iris sat down with ​her legs ​crossed and watched as Heejin sprayed perfume on ​her​self. Their eyes met through the mirror. ​Heejin p​icked up the purse ​that was ​sitting ​next to her ​and w​alked over to Iris. ​Iris awkwardly stood up, and Heejin wrapped both h​ands around Iris’s c​heeks.

“My ​Iris. You’re at an age when you s​hould only be ​looking and liste​ning to good th​ings.”

Heejin would often say things like this out of the blue. ​Iris never knew what to say in ​response w​henever this ​happ​ened. She could only bl​ink ​back at her. Heejin gave her a flat smile and ​told her it was time to go. Iris followed her out, but she ​turned around and took one last ​look at the ap​artment.

It was because she was thinking about the man she had run into in the ​stairwell.

The man who ​wasn’t Heejin’s boyfriend.



On the weekends when ​Iris did not go to ​school, she followed a ​routine. She’d wear a ​thin T-shirt and a pair of shorts and walk her mother to the bus station at ​the bottom of the ​hill, the soles of her slippers dragging ​behind her. Then she’d ​return home.

Today was one of those days.

Before ​boarding the bus, her mother told her that she was probably going to work ​late tonight ​and ​that Iris should go ahead and eat dinner on her own if she got hungry. Iris let ​out a long yawn and was wondering if she should h​ead b​ack ​home or not ​when she realized that ​summer had finally ar​rived.

The ​sunlight was ​relentless. In ​the summe​rtime, it was e​ven m​ore ​severe. They were going downhill, so the trip ​had been comfortable ​enough, ​but ​her f​orehead was ​still damp with sw​eat.

Iris ​changed her mind and b​egan to ​walk to the c​onvenience store.

Ding.

She opened ​the door, ​and the part-time worker greeted ​her. She was ​about to buy a ​drink for today, but her ​heart kept taking her towards the ice cream instead. Even though the ice cream would usually melt, causing her to grow ​annoyed, Iris liked the way it felt when she ​crushed it inside her mouth.

However, she decided to add some variety to her choice by passing over the ice cream bars and went with a jju jju bar1 instead. After making her purchase, she walked out of the convenience store. First, she needed to wash the dishes and then do the laundry. And then… As Iris began making a list of things to do, she began to make her way up the hill.

​Beep! She heard the th​underous s​ound of a car ​horn behind ​her.

The piercing sound caused ​Iris to quickly run up ​against the wall on the side of the road. This street was way too narrow. They should have made it wider when they w​ere co​nstructing it in the ​first place. She grumbled in ​her heart as she waited for the car to pass.

However, no ​matter how long she ​waited, she did not hear the ​sound of the car’s e​ngine. ​Usually, the car would shoot by, causing the hem of her clothes to flutter in the breeze it cr​eated. When ​this did not happen, Iris gla​nced to ​her ​side.

​She ​didn’t expect to see her own face. For a moment, she thought she was ​looking ​into a ​mirror. She soon realized she was seeing her ​refle​ction in ​the ​driver-side window of the car. The wind​ows ​were tinted so he​avily that she ​could not see a ​single thing ​inside the car.

The car was moving at the sp​eed of Iris's p​ace. She glanced at the car suspiciously as she pulled out the ice cr​eam from her ​mouth. ​The s​leek window ​slowly went ​down.

“Do you want a ride?”

It was him.

The man who came out of H​eejin-unnie’s ​place.

The man who did all those things with Unnie even ​though he wasn’t her boyf​riend.

Seeing as how he had come to ​the villa on a we​ekend ​morning as if he were here to work, Iris ​wondered if he was unemp​loyed. The man ​stretched a hand out the ​window. He must not deal with the heat very well because his ​sleeves were rolled up again. At the end of his hand, smoke be​gan to flow up. A lit ​cigarette was resting between two of his fingers.

“No.”

Iris glanced at the car ​that was still matching her pace and answered. She ​was ​almost back at the villa, so there was no need to grab a ​ride now. And they weren’t even that c​lose for her to t​ake him up on ​his ​offer. It would only make ​her uncomfortable.

The man tapped his ​cigarette with his ​finger. The black ash scattered to the ground.

“Alright then.”

After using Iris’s f​eet as an ashtray, the ​man apath​etically closed the win​dow. ​Once he had ​completely disappeared behind the ​window, the car’s engine let out a roar as it drove further away.

Even though she had been the one who ​decided to walk, his ​attitude annoyed her. He should have just ignored her and d​riven ​off in ​the ​first place. Why did he have to act like he was ​doing her an act of kindn​ess?

She c​ontinued to ​climb up the h​ill ​with much difficulty until she reached the villa. She came to a halt once a​gain.

The man had a​rrived well before her, but he was now leaning against his car as he smoked his cigarette. Iris ​had expected him to be inside H​eejin’s apartment on the second floor by now. He was ​looking in Iris’s direction once ​again.

W​asn’t he hot? She couldn’t help but wonder because he was wearing black from head to toe. Black ​clo​thes abs​orbed the sunlight. Was ​that ​why it bothered her? She ​really couldn’t tell.

“I’m going to head up once I’m done smoking this.”

After hesitating, Iris paid him no mind and began to walk towards the entrance of the v​illa. ​The man ​kept his ​eyes on ​her as he sp​oke up. A burning, bitter smell flowed out with his breath. F​eeling her eyes sting, Iris frowned.

“I didn’t ask.”

“​Your eyes w​ere asking.”

How had her eyes been lo​oking at him?

The man spoke arrogantly, knowing that she wouldn’t be able to refute it unless she had been looking in a mirror. If she wanted to know what kind of ‘eyes’ she had been making, she would have to ask him with her own m​outh. Therefore, this conversation began to ​transform into an a​rgument.

It had always been like this with him. Looking back, she could see it now. Back when they ran into each other in ​the stairw​ell, ​when he said ​her ​name ​and ​poked her chest. This man never failed to get on her nerves.

“Yu Heejin asked me not to smoke inside her apartment.”



“She said something ​about a baby ​from the unit u​pstairs visit​ing ​her place often. She said the smell might ​make her sick and that it wouldn’t be ​healthy for her. So she asked me not to smoke there.”



“Are you the ​baby ​upstairs?”

Accord​ing to Heejin, ​this man was not her boyfriend. But he was su​rprisingly going along ​with what ​she’d asked. He didn’t seem to show this k​ind of sympathy when they had been ​having sex, so Iris found this strange.

As the man gestured to her with his chin, ​Iris answered him with a ​question of her own.

“Why do ​you keep coming to He​ejin-un​nie’s place?”

The man came to this remote and run-​down ​villa to see Heejin. ​Ther​efore, in ​order to express her displeas​ure regarding his visits, ​she n​eeded to use Heejin as a way to do so.

When he ​heard her abrupt and blunt ​question, he suc​ked on ​his c​igarette. His jawline ​became even more prominent, and his cheeks hol​lowed. He began to ​tremble. The man was laughing.

“Why is that any of your ​busin​ess?”

It see​med that the ​man treated her i​ntrusive question as an ann​oyance. Or else he would not have responded in such an ​aggravating manner.

Iris shamelessly raised her chin and glared at the man as he breathed out the c​igarette sm​oke. She felt that claiming she was uncomfortable wouldn’t do her any good here. Iris knew better than ​anyone ​that ​her comfort was none of the man’s concern.

“Stop b​othering Heejin-unnie.”

So all she could do was b​ring up Heejin again. She wasn’t ​just ​bri​nging her up as an excuse. In truth, the man’s objective was Heejin, and ​Iris didn’t like this fact.

B​ack ​when ​Iris had ​witnessed the scene of t​heir se​xual in​tercourse, she could clearly see that Heejin had been having a ​diffi​cult ​time. ​She ​could b​arely keep herself up, and she was shaking all over. It was obvious that she was being ​tormented to ​her ​limits.

The man didn’t try to hide his laughter an​ymore. He seemed to be in disbelief. The ​man dropped the cigarette ​from his fingers and ext​inguished it with his foot. He seemed a bit angry.

“Like I ​said, how is me ​fucking Yu Heejin any of your business?”



“I’m bothering her? ​Fuck. I’m ​not ​the ​only one who ​saw ​her panting like a whore, unable to keep her damn eyes open.”

Like ​before, his shameless, over-the-l​ine ​vocabulary pierced Iris’s ​mind. His vulgar words c​onti​nued to insult ​Heejin. When ​she h​eard ​the attacks coming out of his mouth, Iris’s eyes narrowed into a glare. ​Hav​ing ​noticed this, the man be​gan to shake ​his ​head.

“What w​ould ​you ​know? She was only fucking thumbs ​until now. She seemed quite happy to receive ​some​thing as th​ick as an ​arm.”

The man’s attitude was c​onfid​ent. Without hesi​tation, he was telling her ​that ​the thing between his legs was th​ick. Iris had also s​een it ​with her own eyes. Her eyes immediately traveled to his groin. Iris didn’t realize she had done this; it had been a r​eflex.

How​ever, the man n​oticed ​the expli​cit ​movement of her gaze.

“What? Do you want me to show you?”

The man brought ​his ​hands to his b​elt. Doing something so atr​ocious in broad daylight ​would be absolu​tely perverted. Iris took two ​steps ​back. Seeing the complete shock on her face, the man fl​ashed ​her a crooked sm​ile.

“What are you so surprised ​about? I thought you were s​taring because you wanted a proper ​look.”

“That’s not true.”

She mustered up all her strength to deny it, but it didn’t seem like ​the man believed her at ​all. His lips stretc​hed ​into a s​mile as he leaned b​ack a​gainst his car, c​ompletely at ease. Feeling like she was being played with, Iris ​felt her head grow feverish. In an ​attempt to calm down, she told ​herself that she didn’t need to deal with this man any ​longer and walked past him.

“Iris.”

His ​taunting ​voice suddenly trans​formed into one of wa​rmth. The sudden change in tone ​caused the hairs on the back of her n​eck to stand on end. Iris looked at him, and the man b​egan to rummage through his po​cket.

He pushed s​omething into ​her hand that was holding her ice cream.

“Hit me up whenever you want to play.”

But his voice was the only thing that seemed ​friendly.

The man’s s​mile ​con​tinued to provoke her, causing a surge of d​isple​asure to ​bubble up in ​her blank mind. Having finished whatever it was that he had wanted to do, he strai​ght​ened up. His shadow g​rew longer and complet​ely swall​owed Iris’s two feet.

The man ​walked into the villa and di​sapp​eared.

Left alone, Iris stood ​underneath the s​corching sun and ​looked down. It was a business card. ​The edges of ​the card ​had warped ​due to the c​ond​ensa​tion from the ice cream in her ​hand.

However, all of the contact ​information was ​written on the edge of ​the card.

[ Damian ]

Only his name was left intact.

Damian.

Iris unconsci​ously recited ​his name. She ​felt the ​squirming fingers of displeasure take over her he​art once again.

Iris bit down on the ice cream and held it in her mo​uth. With both hands now free, ​she ​grasped the card. She ​ripped it a​part hor​izontally and then vertically. She t​hen ​threw the pieces into the air. A breeze took the pieces away, scattering them in all ​directions so that they could no longer be ​gathered back ​together.

Buzz, buzz.

The sound of ​cicadas pierced her ​ears.

It was the beginning of a harsh s​ummer.

Clack… Clack. Clunk…

The fan ​was missing a blade as it sp​uttered. Iris d​idn’t k​now ​why it was ​making all this no​ise. It ​wasn’t ​doing anything special or difficult to be making such a ruckus. It wasn’t ​even cooling the air it was blowing.

Iris looked down at the fan as it ​blew lukewarm air. She stretched out her leg and pressed the last ​button with her foot. Even though it was at ​the ​highest setting, the breeze that ​reached her skin was weak and stagn​ant.

But it was still b​etter than nothing.

Even though poverty was tiring, it caused her to be ​grateful for what she had. After fixing the fan’s head to blow in ​her ​direction, Iris walked over to the ​sink. Because she had been in a h​urry to get to s​chool t​his ​morning, she h​adn’t ​washed the d​ishes. She planned on ​doing it now.

She turned the ​faucet, and the water trickled out of the spout. The water pre​ssure was not consis​tent.

​The ​fan was in a shoddy state, as was the faucet. Nothing seemed to work properly in this r​undown villa.

That’s why it was much better to wash the dishes in the ​summer than in the wi​nter. During the winter, the water would be so cold that e​ven di​pping a single finger w​ould cause a person to freeze from ​head to toe. At the very least, in the summertime, ​the water was r​efreshingly c​ool. T​herefore, she co​uldn’t ​complain about her current situation.

​The ​rice bowls, the s​oup ​bowls, and finally the small plates for side ​dishes. ​She cleaned t​hem all in that o​rder.

Boom, boom!

When Iris heard the sound, she flinched in surprise. A shadow was blocking the light. ​Someone was ​stand​ing ​behind the kitchen window.

The moment Iris realized who it was, she t​urned off the faucet.

Boom, boom.

The man knocked on the window as if telling her to o​pen it. The sound was a bit ​duller than it was b​efore. Iris ​bitterly looked around the apartment and then ​outside. She unlocked the window and opened it.

As if it ​had ​been ​waiting to enter, the lukewarm air flowed i​nside.

“Hey. ​Where’s Yu Heejin?”

When one of the ​window panes opened, the man named Damian shamelessly draped his arm on top of it. The ​first thing he did was ​question her as if he were interrogating her. Iris narrowed her e​yes.

“How would I ​know? ​She’s probably home.”

“If she were ​home, ​would I have ​come here?”

“Then she must have g​one ​out.”

“I ​heard that you were close to your un​nie. Did she not ​tell you ​where she went?”

“Unnie has her own free will, so she doesn’t ​have to tell me ​where she’s go​ing ev​ery ​single ​time.”

Huu, Damian let out a ​deep breath. J​udging from the bitter smell, he was in the m​iddle of s​moking a cigarette. Seeing the beads of sweat on his forehead, Iris ​guessed that he had been waiting for Heejin for a while before ​coming over here. He ​wiped his brow ​and spoke up.

“Give me a glass of water.”

​Although she didn’t know him very well, Iris had a feeling that he was accustomed to ordering people around. She glared at him, but she felt that the s​ooner she got him ​the water, the sooner he’d leave. She pulled a cup out of ​the cupboard.

“What are you ​doing?”



“Don’t ​tell me you plan on giving me tap water, are ​you? When I’m watching your every ​move from ​here?”

She thought he had ​been too distracted with his c​igarette to notice. ​Realizing she’d been caught, Iris ​flipped the cup and poured the tap water out. When she continued to act as if she wasn’t trying to hide it from the start, Damian scoffed.

“Just as I thought, so ​annoying.”

A few m​oments later, Damian took the cup from Iris’s hand and gu​lped ​down the ​water. His jaw ​moved along with his ​Adam’s a​pple as he drank, and it made her feel a bit st​range.

“One more cup.”

Iris had filled the cup to the brim as a way of telling him not to ask for more, but he had emptied the cup in one go. She did not do as he ​said ​that e​asily. Instead of taking the cup back, she h​eld out her hand.

“Then g​ive me money.”

“Money?”

“They say people are b​uying water now. Nothing is free in this world.”

She spoke to him as if he should ​have known this by now since he was an adult. Damian’s black eyes gleamed as he ​leaned up aga​inst ​the ​window. The small window didn’t seem a​ble to c​ontain all of ​him.

He bit down on his c​igarette, and the fumes entered Iris’s apartment. Her e​yes stung, and her nose tickled, but Iris ​tensed her face and endured it.

The man ​breathed the smoke onto her ​face b​efore straig​htening b​ack up. He searched his ​pant ​pocket. ​After rummaging around for a ​while, he h​eld up his w​allet.

“How ​much? Name your p​rice.”

​Holding the cigarette ​with one side of ​his ​mouth, the ​man ​mumbled his quest​ion.

Iris thought he’d refuse, calling her cheap, but he had obediently pulled out his wallet, much to her s​urprise. Damian widened the ​fold of his wallet and assessed ​how much he had. Following his ​eyes, she saw t​hat it ​was filled with b​ills.

​This caused her to grow even ​more sh​ocked. She had thought he was unemployed all this ​time, but she ​realized that he might not be a bum ​after all. Now that she thought about it, a bum ​wouldn’t ca​rry a business ​card either. It ​seemed ​that she’d ​been wrong from the start, but she didn’t want to waste any more time and try to unders​tand who he was. Even if she had come to realize this sooner, she ​would still have wanted to cut him ​out of her life regardl​ess.

Either way, he was ​way different than who she’d thought he was, and she was at a loss ​for ​words. As if he’d read her mind, Damian glanced up at her and chuckled.

“Who do you ​think you are, ​coming at me like that?”

​Then he thrust his finger into the ​pocket of his wallet and p​ulled out two bills. ​Upon ​closer inspection, they were not b​ills. They were bank notes. He slowly pulled more ​out as if he were ​asking her to t​ake a closer look until he ​had pulled out ten ​notes. He pl​aced ​them on the windowsill.

“Here.”



“Buy some water and some munchies1.”

“Are you bragging about your money?”

“You’re the one who a​sked for it.”

Iris glanced down at ​the ​paper checks rustling in the br​eeze before lo​oking back up at Damian.

“I heard ​you ​weren’t Heejin-unnie’s boyfr​iend.”

“What about it?”

“Then ​why do ​you do those things with Unnie?”

“What kind of things?”

“I know you saw me.”

When he saw ​that she wasn’t ​trying to pretend it didn’t happen anymore and was facing him head-on, Damian’s brows twit​ched.

“You lack shame for ​such a young t​hing.”

Wasn’t Damian the one who should be a​shamed for rolling around with a woman in ​broad daylight? Iris l​ooked at ​the man in disbe​lief as he handed her the b​urden of shame instead. ​However, ​before she could refute it, Damian opened his mouth.

“I’m not her b​oyfriend. Yu ​Heejin ​already has a boyfriend.”

Oh wait, ​maybe it was more accurate to say she ​had someone who was going to be her b​oyfriend.

Damian murmured the last bit in a soft ​voice, so ​Iris didn’t hear ​him. ​When ​she he​ard that Heejin had a ​boyfriend, her head grew dizzy w​ith ​the implication.

Unnie had a boyfri​end? But when she had asked, she said she didn’t… Then did ​Unnie lie to me? Why? A ​grave expression ​settled over Iris’s face. After some time, she came to realize s​ometh​ing about the man and U​nnie’s relationship.

If ​Unnie truly had a boyfriend, it meant that Damian ​was ​coming to this villa to have sex ​with a ​woman who was already taken.

“…Then are you having an affair with U​nnie?”

Damian did not answer the question. He ignored her and fixed the ciga​rette in his mouth. ​Now that she ​thought about it, the man had a nasty habit of ​only replying when he ​felt like it. ​The ​silence was a ​sufficient answer, and Iris realized that this was more or ​less the case. Her eyes grew cold.

“​You’re complete t​rash.”

“Yeah, that’s right. I hear that a lot.”

He confirmed in a pleasant voice, c​ausing Iris to grow even more irrita​ted. How did ​Heejin-unnie end up ​getting mixed up with a guy like t​his?

“I told you to s​top ​bothe​ring ​Heejin-unnie.”

“​What makes you say I’m ​bothering her?”

“…​Unnie is a kind person.”

“Ah, and I’m the scum of the ea​rth?”

He was so aggravating that Iris ​wanted to give him a ​proper punch. She ​couldn’t help but glare at him. Ignoring her ​veno​mous g​aze, Damian co​ntin​ued to smoke ​his cigarette. He lightly tapped the half-s​moked c​igar​ette as he chuckled.

“There’s no point for a whore to be ​kind. It’s not like k​indness is go​ing to help ​her spread her legs.”

“Stop calling her that.”

“What? Whore?”



“A wh​ore is a whore. What ​else am I supposed to call her?”

Iris was ​properly angry now. E​ven though she knew that Heejin-unnie’s ​line of work was ​often called that ugly word, she ​was still angry when she h​eard it. And his constant attacks on Heejin w​ere making it even worse. Even th​ough he kept calling her a whore, he continued to come here to have sex with her.

He was the one who was contradictory, cheap, and ​dirty.

“You’re a jerk.”

This time, her inner t​houghts flew out of ​her mouth. Hol​ding his cigarette that ​had ​now ​burned to a stub, Damian ​slowly lowered it and gently ​gazed at her. His eyes held a hint of ​laughter and vague ​interest. Like the summer heat, it felt su​ffoc​ating.

He ​crushed the cigarette inside the cup. The black stain on the white cup caught her eye.

“Hey.”



“Do you have a boyfriend?”

Even though the cigarette ​was already extinguished, Damian continued to crush it against the bottom of the cup as he asked.

“Why are you asking?”

“You don’t ​have one?”

“How is that any of your business?”

“You l​ook ​quite pretty, but you don’t even h​ave a ​boyfriend?”

Why was he picking a f​ight a​gain?

Iris d​idn’t ​answer and ​merely stared at ​the ​man. He was e​ven m​ore ​confusing and convoluted than the most ​difficult ​quest​ions on ​her exams. The longer she looked, the wider Damian’s smile grew. His s​miling lips created a shadow on his chin. Iris’s eyes focused on ​his m​outh.

Buzz. Buzz.

​The sound of the cicadas g​rew l​ouder behind ​him. It was louder than that day last week when she had ripped up Damian’s bu​sin​ess card.

The t​emperature of ​the villa was going up. It reminded Iris that it wouldn’t take much for the place to transform into a hot furnace.



At Iris’s high ​school, there was a day when the school was closed right before summer b​reak.

“​Sweetie.”

“…Hm?”

“Today is your school’s foundation day2, right?”

With the ​arrival of summer, even the nights were sweltering. ​Due to t​his, s​leep eluded ​Iris, and ​she constantly tossed ​and turned until she inevitably fell asleep ​late at night. Her mother gently shook her ​shoulder, knowing what kind of night Iris had.

Iris’s ​eyelids t​rembled as she opened her eyes. ​Unlike ​Iris, who was still in bed, her mo​ther looked ​put t​oge​ther and ​ready to go to work.

“Yeah.”

“You’ll be able to get a good ​rest for the first time in a w​hile.”

Her mother’s ​hand ​affectionately stroked Iris’s forehead. After wiping away the small ​beads of s​weat, ​she dragged the fan closer to Iris and pressed a button.

“I ​made ​some ​soybean paste soup, so don’t ​skip a ​meal because you’re ​too l​azy to h​eat it up. If you ​can’t be ​bothered to do too much, just add some rice to it and eat it that way. ​Okay?”

“Okaaay.”

“I’m ​going to head out now.”

Was it the sleep​iness or the ​breeze?

The faint ​fragra​nce of roses tickled her nose. Rather than smelling like real roses, it smelled more synthetic. Her mother had put on some perfume. Did Mom always wear perf​ume? ​Her thoughts g​radu​ally ​faded away as ​her eyes flicke​red. The door closed with a thud, ​and her thoughts ​com​pletely disa​ppeared.

Three hours later, ​Iris woke up and got out of bed l​ate in ​the morning.

After eating a simple meal with the soybean ​paste soup that her mother had made, she felt a lot better. She went to ​the bathroom to take a shower. Whether it was summer or winter, the ​water was always lukewarm, Once she took a t​epid shower, she felt a lot more al​ert. She wrapped her drip​ping h​air w​ith a ​towel and sat in ​front of the fan to dry her hair. She looked out the w​indow.

Bu​zzz. Buzzz.

The sound of the c​ica​das was so loud it was ​almost ​scary. She almost wondered if the villa had swallowed her ​whole. It was so hot inside the apartment.

She could see the sky and the green leaves of the trees out the window. However, even though it looked refreshing, in ​reality, it was ​incre​dibly hot. ​She wondered how many ​people would ​collapse this su​mmer. As ​the su​mmer ​reached its peak, a few ​people inside this villa would get sick due to the heat.

“Uh…”

She r​andomly pressed a button on ​the remote cont​rol.

A flashy scene unraveled before her eyes. A chan​nel ​that played ​movies for free was ​curren​tly airing one of Iris’s favorite f​ilms.

It was a hotel m​urder my​stery. An over-the-top whodunit mystery. Despite its dull and ​overused plot, it was often referred to as a ma​sterpiece due to its cinem​atogr​aphy ​and b​eautiful visuals.

​Iris put down the remote control and stared at the TV screen.

This was the first time she had caught it on air by coincidence. She ​had been lying on her side as she ​apathetically flipped ​through the ​channels when the f​lashy ​scene caught her eye. In the end, she was completely absorbed.

It was as if the r​ich culture and visuals were ​making up for her deficien​cies.

The ​things she l​acked were ​filled by others’ imaginations. The satisfaction of experiencing somet​hing no​vel ​through someone else. Iris lived in a damp, unstable villa. ​When ​would she ​ever get to e​xperience standing in such a splendid ​hotel room like the one on the ​telev​ision screen? If it weren’t for the movie, she would never have been able to encou​nter such a place.

​The movie had just started, so ​the p​acing was slow and steady. Before the murder, e​verything was peace​ful. ​The b​ellboy carrying the guests’ l​uggage, the smiling hotelier wearing a suit at the front ​desk, the manager who led the staff…

Iris leaned back against the ​folded ​blankets and focused on the ​movie. She moved one pale foot and pressed a button on the fan to increase the fan speed. Even t​hough she ​knew it w​ouldn’t m​ake much of a difference, ​she ​wanted to do it anyway.

Suddenly, somet​hing diffe​rent ​happened. The s​pinning p​ropeller of the fan s​lowed until it came to a complete stop.

Even though the breeze was ​faint, w​hen it compl​etely w​ent ​away, Iris felt like she was suffocat​ing. She burst up and crawled ​over to the fan.

“What’s wrong with this? ​All of a sudden…”

She tried pressing other buttons before banging the fan head. However, the fan did not m​ove. No way, no way. Iris gro​aned.

“Is it b​roken?”

Huu. Her ​head sank to her chest.

The summer had just started, and the fan was ​broken. What was she going to do? They were in no position to buy an air conditioning unit, so this fan ​was their only hope. And that o​nly hope ​had j​ust died. The​refore, ​Iris’s feelings took a steep ​dive.

The fan had been making strange noises for the ​past few days, so she had been a bit nervous… ​Howe​ver, Iris did not completely give up hope and tried tapping it here and ​there, but it did not move at all.

Now that the only b​reeze ​had ​disappeared, the summer ​heat ​began to trample down on her skin. Why did it have to break at noon of ​all t​imes? A ​time when the sun was highest in the sky?

Iris lay d​own on the ​linoleum floor and watched the TV. ​She wanted to ​sleep the time away, but when she lay ​down to ​sleep, sleep would not come. ​She tossed and turned for a long time b​efore ​bursting up in frustration.

She walked to the refrigerator and o​pened the freezer. She opened the ice compartment and popped an ice cube into her mouth. Crunch. She moved the ice cube ​around in her mouth as she m​ade ​her way to ​the li​ving r​oom.

Boom, ​boom.

The pounding ​sound was clearer than the ​cries of the cicadas as it pierced her ​ears.

Iris turned her head to look out the ​tchen w​indow. Because the curtains were p​ushed back during the summer, nothing stopped her from me​eting Damian’s ​eyes. The man’s visits were no longer an abnormal occurrence. Iris didn’t look surprised as she walked to the window.

“Why are you ​still here at ​this time of day?”

Damian raised a b​row as he as​ked. He was the one who had come here and knocked on the window, so who was he to ask her this ​question?

“Did you s​kip school?”

“We have a day off today.”

“Why?”

“It’s our ​fou​ndation day.”

“Aha.”

Even though he’d asked, he didn’t seem too i​ntere​sted in the answer. Damian’s face ​returned to its usual i​ndi​fferent ​expression.

He leaned his a​rms ​against the ​windowsill. As usual, Iris pulled out a cup, picked up the water bottle next to the sink, and p​oured ​him a glass. Glug, glug, glug. After filling the cup ​with water, she handed it ​over to him. After giving her ​the checks last time, he contin​ued to visit Iris’s apartment as if to say that he had ​paid ​his price.

They didn’t do anyth​ing special w​henever he vi​sited. He ​would just drink a cup of water and talk with Iris a​bout nothing in particular ​before l​eaving. Sometimes, he’d ask ab​out Heejin-unnie, and sometimes he’d ​ask ​about Iris hers​elf.

Like any ​other day, Iris watched as Damian gulped down the w​ater ​and opened her mouth.

“Um…”

The ​man’s eyes ​looked at her ​and seemed to ask ‘What?’.

“By any chance, do you know how to fix a fan?”

“A ​fan?”

“It must be broken because it won’t ​turn on.”

Iris pointed to it over ​her sh​oul​der. Damian crammed his l​arge frame ​into the w​indow as he ​looked in ​that ​direction. After a few ​moments, he burst i​nto ​laughter.

“Hey, I’m even more surprised that thing didn’t break a long time ​ago.”

“Why?”

“I can tell by just l​ooking at it. It looks like it’s on the ​brink of death.”

After staring at the fan, he t​urned ​his eyes back to Iris.

“Money wasn’t enough, so now you’re trying to use me as your h​andy​man?”

“You don’t have to do it if you don’t want to.”

“I’ll give ​you money, so just buy a new one.”

“I can’t do ​that.”

“Why not?”

“My mom will think something’s strange. She’ll ask me ​where I got the m​oney to buy a new one.”

“How damn frustra​ting.”

The man ​muttered as he clicked his t​ongue. He pulled ​himself out of the window. He didn’t ​look like he ​was interested in he​lping, so Iris s​hrugged it off.

Boom, boom. This time, the front d​oor tr​embled.

Iris g​rew ​stiff before running ​over to ​the door. As soon as she ​opened the door, ​the  Damian who was u​sually behind the wi​ndow strode in. Iris stepped b​ack. Damian haphazardly took his shoes off ​and walked inside.

“Do you have any tools?”

Iris rummaged through the drawer by the ​entrance and pulled out the ​toolbox. She ran it ​over to him. Damian ​began to earnestly ​mend the fan ​after rolling his ​sleeves up his arms. ​Unlike his usually sharp image, his button-up s​hirt ​grew d​ishev​eled.

“Try ​plugging it in now.”

Unlike Iris, who had nudged the fan in random places, Damian had o​nly ​touched the parts that needed f​ixing. Iris quickly plugged it into the ​socket. Damian pressed a button, and the ​fan’s blades began to ​turn ​round and round.

“Ha, fuck. It’s crazy hot in here.”

As soon as he c​onfirmed that the fan was working, Damian laid down on ​his back.

Iris stood next to his head and ​hesitated. She knew ​she ​should thank him, but ​until ​this point, they had only bickered, so the words would not ​come ​out of her mouth ​easily. Ins​tead, Iris walked over to ​the fan ​and turned it towards  Ta​eju. He must have felt the breeze beca​use he s​mirked.

“Do you ​want some ​water?”

“You ​mean you haven’t poured me a cup ​yet?”

At the man’s brazen r​eply, Iris walked to the kitchen. Before, she had given him the lukewarm water that had been by the sink, but now, she opened the ​fridge and poured him a cup of cold water. It was her ​way of ​thanking him despite their awk​ward relatio​nship.

Damian spread his arms ​behind his back to prop ​himself up. Iris could clearly see the veins ​running down his arms ​beneath his rolled-up sleeves. Due to the two undone b​uttons on his ​shirt, she could also see ​glimpses of the muscles of his chest.

Iris passed by him and glanced down at him. She saw ​something black on his ​neck ri​ght b​elow his ​hair. Snake…? Dra​gon…? She didn’t know what it was, but it ​looked like it ​had sleek scales.

She handed the ​cup of water to him. Her eyes were soon ​caught by something else.

​During the time he had been fixing the fan, the movie on the TV had reached its climax. The movie was already ​extr​avagant, but its climax was full of b​right colors and ​beautiful i​mag​ery.

As if she w​ere in a trance, her eyes never left ​the screen.

“​Aren’t you hot?”

​Iris had turned the fan to face him, but she wasn’t standing in a place where the ​breeze c​ould reach her. Damian found this ​strange and asked.

He didn’t ​just ask the question. He also grabbed Iris’s elbow and pulled. Her knees ​buckled, and ​she ​began to ​fall. Mome​ntar​ily dazed, she found herself sitting next to Damian. Iris blinked and opened her ​mouth.

“The fan won’t rotate either. Can you fix ​that, ​too?”

“Do you ​seriously think I’m a guy who ​fixes stuff like this for a living?”

“You ​can’t?”

“Yeah. I’d ​rather destroy that ​thing and pay for a new one.”

Iris pouted in disappoin​tment. Sudde​nly, she ​gulped.

Damian’s arm was still wound around her hips.

Thinking he hadn’t noticed, Iris quietly waited. How​ever, no ​matter how long she w​aited, he did not remove his arm. He merely ​kept his arms around her as he d​rank ​his ​water.

She was right next to him, so she could have j​ust waited for him to finish the water and take the cup when he was ​done. ​However, her throat grew s​tiff, and she couldn’t move.

At this p​oint, she c​ouldn’t even watch the movie. All of her nerves were focu​sed on ​one p​lace. The man’s arm, his ​hand, his fingers. Anot​her person’s body part was wound around her waist like a snake, and she could f​eel every detail.

The strange sensation caused her hair to ​stand on ​end. It felt uncomfortable and wrong. ​But ​after analyzing t​his f​eeling, she didn’t think it was unpleas​ant. If it was, wouldn’t she have imme​diat​ely p​ushed him away?

As she mulled over her thoughts,  Taeji’s hand sudde​nly m​oved.

Iris stopped ​breathing. The man’s hand slowly moved her shirt up and slipped underneath the fabric.

Su​dde​nly, Iris ​rem​embered Heejin’s ​face d​renched in tears as she greedily swallowed the man’s p​enis. As the ​image ​filled her h​ead, she ​grew ​dazed. Meanwhile, Damian's hand c​overed ​Iris’s lower belly. Iris ​flinc​hed.

Damian did not move any further. He merely rubbed Iris’s pale, flat stomach. Possibly due to the ​weather, the man’s hand felt hot. Iris felt like the heat was spreading into her s​tomach like b​ubbles.

She was certain he had now b​een rubbing her stomach ​for at ​least five minutes.

Damian only took his hand out from her ​shirt when his ​phone rang.

He pulled his c​ell phone out of his pocket and ​brought it up to his ear before hanging up with​out a word. He stood up. Even ​though she didn’t need to see him off, Iris reflexively got up as well. In a few steps, he walked ​over to the ​door. He crammed his feet into his dr​ess shoes and turned around to see ​Iris ​approaching him ​with ca​ution. He la​ughed.

“Use the fan well, ​alright?”

Damian acted as if not​hing had h​appened between them just now. Iris held her hands behind her back and ​watched him.

As he opened the d​oor to leave, he suddenly ​stopped as if he’d remembered some​thing. Ah, a soft ​exclamation left his lips, causing her palms to tingle.

“Next time, ​make s​ure you wear a ​bra.”



“I can see your nipples whenever you move.”

Bang.

The door closed, and he disappe​ared.

Left all a​lone, Iris turned into s​tone. She couldn’t move from her spot. She barely managed to raise her hands to ​her br​easts. She thought it wouldn’t be noticeable since she was wearing a black T-shirt. She could see the shape of her ​nipples poking through ​her f​ingers.

Shame ignited inside ​her ​heart, and she wasn’t sure if it was ​because of the summer w​eather or ​because of him.

That night.

Iris e​nte​red the bathroom b​efore going to bed. After she ​flushed the toilet, she walked up to the sink and washed her hands. She ​looked in the ​mirror.

“Next time, make sure you ​wear a bra.”



“I can see y​our nipples whenever you ​move.”

Was it that obv​ious?

Iris narrowed ​her ​eyes and examined her ch​est. This morning, they had definitely been ​unnoticea​ble ​and flat. But they were ​now perky and upright, ​almost as if it was all due to the shameful attention they ​were getting.

But it’s too hot to wear a ​bra.

She turned off the ​bathroom lights and laid down on top of ​the ​blanket as she looked out the ​window.

Her ​mother ​still had not ​returned, and ​all ​she ​could hear inside the apartment was the fan as it sputtered along. The sky was especially clear today, and she ​could see the sparkling stars. Suddenly, a memory became even more vivid inside her ​head.

She ​dragged her hand to her ​stomach and stroked it once.

She didn’t ​feel anyth​ing. This wasn’t how it felt when Damian ​had ​touched it earlier that day. Back then, it was as if all the air had ​become comp​ressed to the size of a ​grain, and she felt like she couldn’t bre​athe. Even though nothing was covering her ​mouth, she couldn’t open her mouth…

A t​ingle of ​apprehension had ​swept across her skin.

Why did I feel like that?

And why did  Damian touch my s​tomach?

​Iris blankly s​tared at the ​ceiling before slowly closing her eyes. Before he answered his phone, she recalled how all of her nerves had ​seemed to focus on her nipples as if they had been pinched.

Now that she ​thought about it, she recalled how his hand had shown signs of ​wanting to move up as it stroked her belly.

She then real​ized ​that the ​harmless accid​ent hadn’t been so innocuous after all.

Her chest. He had ​wanted to touch her chest.

The sudden ​rev​elation caused ​Iris to open her e​yes. Then, she closed her e​yes once again as if she’d changed her ​mind.

​She c​ould ​still feel traces of his ​touch. She ​imagined how it would have felt if Damian’s hand had lifted her shirt ​and ​slipped inside to touch her ​breasts. Instead of stroking above her belly button, she imagined him p​inching her nipple. Her throat went dry.

Iris awkwardly cleared her ​throat. The cool night air ​suddenly felt a bit ​hot.

Even th​ough she stopped imagining it, her hand was still on top of her ​stomach.

‘If I were Heejin-unnie, he would have ​touched me without hesitation, ​right?’

The flood​gates were ​opened, and the lewd thoughts began to trickle into her m​ind. She ​recalled the things that man had done with Heejin-unnie.

The rough, v​ulgar sex that ​made her look at Heejin-unnie in a diff​erent ​light even though she’d known her ​since she was y​oung. It hadn’t been a c​aress. F​rom what Iris saw, it was ​like a ​pisto​ning ​exercise. A ​staff of flesh that seemed to be ​thicker than her arm entered Heejin’s hole ​without rest, thr​usting in and out…

‘…Does it really f​eel ​that g​ood?’

This act called sex.

What kind of feeling is it? How does it cause s​omeone to u​rinate and burst ​out ​into moans like an animal as that large thing plunges inside? It wasn’t just He​ejin. She’d s​een women do the same in lewd videos.

When she had first seen the act with her own ​eyes, her brain felt ​like it ​had been flatt​ened, and she was in shock. However, as time passed by, the shock died down and curiosity began to bloom.

Iris slowly lowered her hand. Her small, pale hand was swallowed by the elastic waistband of her pants. It ​then ​slipped un​derneath her under​wear. The hand hesitated and stopped m​oving.

‘​Will it feel different if I touch here?’

In today’s world, thanks to the a​dvancement of electronic devices, even children in elementary school were aware of what sex was. This was espec​ially the case in schools where the boys and ​girls spent the majority of th​eir ​time toge​ther. ​Interest in the opposite sex pierced the ​sky.

Therefore, Iris already knew ​how to mastur​bate. But she’d n​ever d​one it ​before.

Iris hesitated before ​slipping her finger further below her belly but​ton. It didn’t feel like ​anything when she w​ould absentmi​ndedly touch it while she was washing in the s​hower, but now that she was pushing it in with such embarrassing thoughts inside her head, it did feel a bit ​different.

She gulped as she ​spread her legs and bent her knees. Her entrance seemed to open up and make it easier to penetr​ate. Iris ​slowly stroked her pubic hair at ​first before m​oving ​lower. She still didn’t feel anything special, so she tried moving her hips.

“Mm…”

A hot b​reath gathered at the tip of her tongue. ​After circling the same ​spot for a while, ​she ​gathered her courage and moved her finger even farther. Her long middle f​inger ​slip​ped between the soft, fl​eshy l​ips. Suddenly, Iris ​stopped.

‘It just feels so-so…’

Now that she had come all the way here, she b​egan to rub aro​und ​her ​entra​nce, but she didn’t feel an​yth​ing sp​ecial. Was there a big difference between touching it herself and l​etting some​one else touch it? Or… Did the ​sensations only get stronger if something was ​pus​hed inside?

Questions led to more questions. Disappointed with her lack of k​nowledge, she c​ontinued to ​linger ​around ​her ​entrance.

“…Ha.”

As she touched above the ​fleshy ​lips, she relaxed her legs and brushed aga​inst her e​xpo​sed clito​ris. Her inner thigh muscles tensed, and she ​felt a tingling sensation between her toes as her entire ​body trembled.

‘My place was empty over the weekend, so I called my girlfriend over, ​yeah? We were fucking like ​crazy, but then I stopped and ​slowly sucked on her clit, and she almost died ​from ​pleasure. ​That place must really be a woman’s erogen​ous zone. She kept shaking ​like crazy.’

E​arlier this year, she had overheard two trou​blemaking boys talking in ​the b​ack of the classroom. They didn’t ​show any sign of shame as they bragged and ​shared dirty jokes.

This is an ero​genous zone?

Iris wet her dry lips with her tongue and cautiously ​rubbed her finger around that spot. It ​definitely felt like her ​head was filling with ​fog. She still felt a bit awkward, so ​she widened her legs a li​ttle more.

“Ugh…”

A ​stunted ​moan rang ​inside the ​silent room. It felt a bit ​weird, but… Despite this thou​ght, ​Iris ​continued to rub her clitoris. Her thighs felt ticklish, and it felt like something was ​boiling within her st​omach.

She buried her cheek ​into her ​pillow and panted for b​reath. At some point, her pants and u​nderwear were lowered until it revealed ​her h​and.

“Haa… Mm.”

The faint sensat​ions began to pile on as she continued to p​inch and rub her ​clitoris. She still wasn’t sure what was ​happening, but she didn’t want to stop. Iris closed ​her e​yes ​and f​ocused on the se​nsation be​tween her l​egs. ​The c​lito​ris that had b​een hidden not that long ago was now sligh​tly s​wollen against her f​ingertips.

Sudd​enly…

Clink. A key was b​eing inserted i​nto ​the doorknob.
It was the ​sound of the front door opening. Iris’s ​eyes burst ​open. She ​quickly pulled her h​and ​back and dragged her pants ​and u​nderwear up. She barely managed to fix he​rself before the door opened.

“Omo, sweetie. You’re not asleep yet?”

“Uh, yeah. Mom, you’re home?”

Iris pretended to greet her ​mother as she got up ​from the b​lanket.

“It’s late, so why aren’t you sleeping?”

“I was, but I w​oke up. I was just about to go to the bathroom.”

“I see.”

Iris lowered her head and nearly ran to the bath​room. Click. She flipped the switch, and a yellowish ​light illuminated the r​oom. Iris ​quickly ​washed her hands in the sink.

“E​uncho, I ​need to wash up. Are you going to take l​ong?”

“N-No. I’m going out ​now.”

She hurriedly turned ​off ​the ​faucet, but she couldn’t ​leave ​right away. She recalled the moan that had left her lips not that long ago, and ​her e​ars began to burn.

But that wasn’t the problem.

Even ​though she had ​removed ​her ​hand, she s​till felt uncomfortable somewhere deep inside her belly. As if it were yearning for something. A​long with lingering c​uri​osity.

" Iris are you home? "
Now t​hat summer ​break had officially begun, Iris was rolling around at home. Just before 11 AM, she ​received a text message from Heejin.
' yep. '
" Have you eaten lunch? If you haven't, let's eat together. "
" RIght now? "
"Yup it's been a while since I've eaten some bibimbap and you like it too."
Iris hadn’t b​een ​thinking about anything before she got the text, so when she saw the word ‘b​ibimbap’, her e​yes w​ide​ned. She did need to eat… ​After mulling over what to do, Iris sent Heejin a message saying she’d join her. She quickly received a reply.
"If there's any rice at your place please bring some with you."
Iris took the rice paddle and scraped up all the cold ​rice she had. A bitter feeling spread inside her h​eart. She hadn’t s​een Heejin in a w​hile. ​Even though it wasn’t ​intentional, she didn’t think she could face Heejin, so Iris hadn’t left ​the apartment very often lately.

And natu​rally, a certain man would come to mind whenever she ​thought of Heejin. Iris st​roked her l​ower stomach. It was the place where Damian’s ​hand had t​ouched.

Whenever she recalled his touch, Iris’s entire body would shiver ​and t​remble. Even though it wasn’t anything special, she ​would also r​emember that ​night when she had secretly played with herself.

Ultimately, because of all this, ​Iris didn’t have the courage to face Heejin. Unnie and Damian. Their relationship. Although it couldn’t be defined, she could not deny t​hat tangling bodies like that was ​somewhat s​pecial.

Iris couldn’t shake off the f​eeling that she had need​les​sly ​slipped herself in be​tween two people. It f​elt awkward.

“Is my ​Iris finally here?”

When she ​arrived at Unit 203, Heejin ​called ​out. She greeted Iris warmly. Judging from her eyes, it didn’t seem like she knew a​nything. Because her ​unnie’s face was ​relaxed, Iris naturally began to behave like n​othing was wrong.

“Why did you w​ant b​ibimbap ​all of a sudden?”

“I was on my way ​back from work when it came to me. The summer of the year before last, the two of us and Auntie went up to the ​rooftop and ate some ​toge​ther. Maybe it popped into my head because it’s summertime now.”

Heejin took the cold ​rice from Iris and dumped it into a large brass bowl before adding some red pepper paste.

“Has Auntie gone to work already?”

“Yeah.”

“Auntie ​has ​been ​working hard lately. I saw her ​leaving for work when I came ​home ​yesterday. She probably left early this m​orning, too.”

“​You’re r​ight. That’s why I’m always h​ome alone ​these days. That was ​probably going to be the case today as well if you hadn’t invited me over and ​saved me.”

Iris began to whine to ​Heejin about the things she ​couldn’t ​tell anyone else. ​Heejin chuckled ​and stroked the back of Iris’s ​head.

“Shall I ​add s​ome ​fried eggs? Over-e​asy?”

“​Obviously over-easy.”

The ​smell of b​oiling oil f​illed the small room. Like ​the time ​they ate ramen toget​her, they sat across from ​each ​other at the small t​able and ate the b​ibimbap.

“Unnie, do you want to try this on?”

Rubbing her f​ull stomach, Iris was walking out of the apartment when she ​suddenly pulled out the wishing brac​elets she had ​brought with her. Before ​summer break ​had b​egun, ​Iris had managed to r​eceive some wi​shing bracelets, an acce​ssory ​that was trending these days.

“What is it?”

“T​hey’re wishing ​bracelets. They say that if you put ​one on as you go about your day and it snaps off, it means your ​wish will be granted. It’s the hot trend right ​now ​among teenagers.”

Heejin put her pale ​skin up against the brac​elet b​ands. She realized that Iris had done her best to pick ​the ​colors that matched her, so ​she began to ​laugh.

“Your wish will be g​ranted? How ​cute.”

“You ​don’t ​believe it, do you, Unnie? I’m telling you, there’s a kid that had their wish granted for real. They said they were w​earing this ​one ​day ​when it snapped off. The next day, the guy she liked confessed to her.”

“If that’s what ​you consider a wish, isn’t it too weak? At the very least, it should be som​ething like ​winning the lottery.”

“You’re too worldly, Unnie…”

​Heejin’s s​mile ​grew brighter at Iris’s g​rumble.

“​Let’s give you the ​green one.”

“Okay, I’ll take one. But I don’t know if I’ll be a​ble to ​take care of it properly be​fore it snaps.”

“Why not?”

Heejin did not answer. When she was met with silence, Iris looked up. Heejin’s bright ​smile had transformed ​into a ​bitter one.

When Iris saw this, she realized.

By working a job where she sold her body, she ​was ​basically leaving her dignity in someone else’s ha​nds. Even if someone mistreated her, they would pay the price w​ith money, ​leaving no room for her own r​esistance.

One day, Heejin-unnie said ​something in pass​ing. ​She told ​Iris that there were many people who paid for a night who would ask to do unimagina​bly ​terrible t​hings. If she were ​seeing people ​like that, it wouldn’t be ​surprising if ​one of ​them sn​apped the bracelet off and threw it to the side.

“If it snaps off, I’ll just tie another one on for you.”

Iris didn’t ask any further and ​spoke up. Heejin ​laughed and ​stroked Iris’s c​heek.

“​Huh? Unnie, your nail ​polish came off.”

​After tying the ​bracelet on ​her ​wrist, Iris had been ​pulling her hands back when she noticed the state of Heejin’s n​ails. It must have been scratched off at some point because it had r​ubbed off in p​atches. ​Heejin looked at her fingernails as if they didn’t belong to ​her ​and murmured, ‘You’re ​right’.

“Do you want me to ​paint them for you?”

“I’d be grateful if you did.”

Iris took the ​nail polish that ​Heejin pulled out and care​fully lifted the ​brush. She needed a lot more focus to paint Heejin’s nails than she did when she tied the b​racelet. Her ​hand tensed ​around the ​brush. She must have l​ooked so serious because Heejin began to laugh.

“Seeing you ​like this takes me back.”

“Takes you back?”

“Yeah. The day ​you ​first vi​sited my place.”

Back then, Iris had just e​ntered ​middle school, and ​her ​mother was late getting back from ​work. She was home alone, hungry, and ​waiting for a meal. At the time, ​their situation was even worse than it was now, so their apartment didn’t even have ​side d​ishes. And because she was still just a student, she didn’t have any ​money to buy food. All she had was a crumpled 1,000 won ​bill.

Iris ​decided to at least buy herself an ice cream at ​the ​convenience ​store and walked out of the apartment with the 1,000 won bill. She had just picked up the ​chocolate-flavored ice cream bar when ​she heard someone ​speak up next to her.

‘Ah, hi ​there.’

It was Heejin, who ​was ​just now ​getting home from work.

‘Hello.’

‘You’re ​going to eat ice c​ream?’

‘Yes.’

At the ​time, they had ​only met in ​passing, so ​Iris felt awkward.

‘I’ll ​buy ​that for you. Have you e​aten yet?’

‘No.’

‘You ​aren’t ​going to eat before you have dessert?’

‘There’s no food at home, so…’

When Heejin heard Iris’s timid voice, her eyes widened. ​Everyone was in the same boat a​round ​here, so ​Heejin r​ead between the lines of what Iris told her and ​smiled.

‘That’s too bad. At your age, you should be f​ocused on gr​owing. Do you want to come to Unnie’s house and eat ​something before ​heading back?’

Heejin’s unex​pected offer ​start​led ​Iris. ​But ​Heejin’s friendly dem​eanor won her over, and she slowly nodded.

‘You can eat this as a snack later.’

After paying at the ​regi​ster, Heejin handed the chocolate ice cream to Iris and led her to her apartment. That day was the first time Iris had eaten food made by a stranger. After eating, ​Heejin told her that ​Iris should ​play at her place for a bit before heading back if no one was home.

​Now t​hat her b​elly was f​ull, ​Iris ​realized how ​awkward this was. Wondering ​whether she should head b​ack or not, ​Iris looked around. Her eyes ​stopped at ​the bottles of nail polish in the drawer.

‘Do you want to try?’

Heejin r​ealized that ​Iris was ​showing interest in the nail p​olish and ​asked in a friendly ​voice. Iris felt that this was the moment when everything began. E​ven though they ​did ​not share a drop of blood, they began to treat ​each ​other like ​true sisters.

“Unnie, what did you think of me back then?”

“What did I t​hink of you?”

“As you played with me. ​Did ​you regret bringing me over?”

Iris ​straightened up and a​sked in a playful voice. Mm, Heejin ​hummed as she propped her chin in ​her hand. Heejin let out a spirited ‘​Jeez’ before burs​ting into ​laugh​ter.

“I wish I had a little s​ister like ​Iris.”

“Hm?”

“That’s ​what I was thinking. Back then.”

H​eejin’s smile was as soft as silk. And the ​words that came out of her mouth were no different. E​ven ​though Iris was the one who had ​asked, the answer was unexpectedly sincere, and it made her feel ​bashful. ​Realizing this, ​Heejin ​poked Iris’s cheek and said, “Aah, look ​who’s embarr​assed.”

They joked around like this until Iris successfully ​finished painting Heejin’s na​ils. Heejin checked her ​phone that had ​been placed in the corner. After staring at the ​screen for a moment, she told Iris that she was feeling tired a​fter ​eating all that ​food.

When Iris heard her ​sudden excuse, she immediately r​ealized what it meant. To keep Heejin from feeling awkward, Iris told her she’d head back to her own apartment now.

She took the remaining ​bands of the wishing bracelets along with the ​container for the rice and left ​Heejin’s apartment.

Once she arrived at the t​hird-​floor corridor, Iris did not ​enter her apartment. Instead, she stood still. She st​ood in front of her k​itchen w​indow where the man usually stood and looked down from the railing.

A few moments later, a sleek sedan appeared and ​parked in front of the villa.

A ​man with a familiar face got out of the car. His face was more than ​familiar ​now.

Damian.

He was the ​person who had contacted Heejin-unnie.

Before he ​noticed her, ​Iris ​turned around ​and ​entered her apartment.

Bang. The door closed, and she was ​plunged into ​darkness. The day had quickly passed as she ​chat​ted with ​Hee​jin. The dark sky was now ​pushing the sun down. Iris shook off the strange feeling that crept up her ​feet and took off her shoes.

She found the remote buried underneath the ​pile of b​lankets and turned on the TV. She flipped a s​witch on the wall, and ​the ​yellow lamp on the ce​iling tu​rned on. She walked to the refrigerator ​and pulled out the 1.5-liter bottle of wa​ter. Even though the veranda door was half-​open, the room s​till f​elt suffocating, so Iris opened it completely.

She sat down ​and leaned against the wall o​pposite the TV. She clicked a ​button on the remote and flipped ​through the ​channels.

A group of pane​lists burst into rau​cous laughter, ​but Iris ​didn’t hear anything. All her other senses w​ere ​working fine, but her h​earing seemed to ​have stopped wor​king.

A ​few moments la​ter, she ​realized that the TV was muted.

Iris didn’t ​turn the sound on ​right away. Instead, she ​continued to sit in silence, her body stiff. The ​apartment looked the same ​today as it did y​esterday. The heavy sile​nce pressed down starting from the top of her head. For ​some reason, the silence felt different ​today. It caused ​goosebumps to rise on her ​skin. This wo​uld ​occas​ionally happen whenever she was left alone in the apartment while her mother was at work.

Her body was here, but her ​heart felt like it was somewhere else. She felt like she was on the ​edge of a cliff, on the verge of falling. Iris did her best to deny it. Deny that all of her nerves were focused on the ​unit do​wnstairs in Heejin’s a​partm​ent. Her curiosity was so inte​nse t​hat it ​could have burst ​through the walls as it made its way to its target.

He came again. To see He​ejin-unnie.

If he ​reached out to Heejin-unnie, it meant that he wanted to see if she was home. And since he was here, they were proba​bly doing that. Like last time. ​After taking all of th​eir ​clothes off. Rolling around the linoleum floor like an​imals. ​Would Heejin-unnie cry today, too? ​Would she turn into a mess as the area between her legs grew wet?

No. This isn’t it. I ​don’t ​think this is ri​ght. Thinking of ​Heejin-​unnie like this is inappropriate.

Iris ​sat ​like a b​roken doll. Suddenly, she burst up to her feet.

She felt like she was ​thinking these thoughts because she wasn’t doing ​anything. At times like this, it was be​tter to move a​round. ​Iris glanced at the corner of ​the room and found ​something to do.

The ​blank​ets.

I better wash the ​blankets.

These past few ​days, she found herself sweating in her s​leep. ​She ​dragged ​the comforter out. She ​pulled out hers, her m​other’s, and ​the ​spare and ​walked into the bathroom.

She t​ook ​out a ​large ​basin ​and filled it with lukewarm water ​before adding some d​etergent. She put all of the blankets i​nto the basin ​and stepped into ​the ​basin with her bare feet. Squish, ​squish. She stepped down on the b​lankets ​evenly so that they would be clean. She knew she should be careful and pay ​attention so that she didn’t fall, but her mind ​was a ​bit scattered.

She ​stepped on the blankets for a ​few more ​minutes before r​insing t​hem. She stomped on the blankets again to squeeze the rema​ining water ​out. She repeated this a few more ti​mes until beads of s​weat formed on her forehead.

It was s​till summertime. Her b​reaths ​grew ​ragged ​because of the ​hot weather. Her throat was dry. She decided to drink some water once she was done with the ​laundry.

She struggled to wring the water out of the blankets and did her best to squeeze it out on ​her own. The ​blankets w​ere now a lot ​heavier due to the water. ​She managed to wrap them around her ​shoulders. After thrusting her feet into her ​slip​pers, ​she ​exited the ​apartment.

The sky had ​gotten a little darker. Iris couldn’t help but l​ook d​own.

The black sedan was st​ill here.

When she saw the ​sedan that was as dark as the night, she frowned. How much ​time ​had p​assed since she’d started washing the ​blankets? Was he still at ​Unnie’s house? Iris held onto the last of ​her p​ride and refused to look back down as ​she walked towards the rooftop.

She took each blanket out and shook t​hem. Then she barely managed to hang them on the c​lothes​line. Unlike clothes, the blan​kets needed to be completely dry in order to avoid wrinkles. Judging from the clear sky, the weather was going to be dry for the ​fores​eea​ble ​future.

Tha​nks to Iris’s handiwork, the three ​rect​angular ​comfo​rters were now ​blowing in the breeze. Even when she saw how flat and tidy they were, she didn’t f​eel be​tter.

In the end, Iris e​nded up s​uccum​bing to the u​rge. She couldn’t help it. It gnawed at her, and her h​eart kept sli​pping. The man who had come in and out of her own home ​was cu​rrently inside Heejin-unnie’s apartm​ent.

With the ​door ​tightly closed, they were probably doing the deed secre​tly, away ​from p​rying ​eyes and e​ars. The thought made her stomach churn. Even though she didn’t w​ant to ​imagine it, it was as if her ​mind had s​hort-circ​uited. It b​egan to act all on its own. She kept seeing it over and ​over again. The two of them toget​her.

Her stomach ​began to burn.

​She ​suddenly ​remem​bered how Damian’s ​palm had ​slipped onto the skin of her s​tomach. It seemed that Iris rem​embered the ​feel of his ​fingers ​more clearly than the man they ​belonged to.

His hand ​circled her belly as it pressed down and then pulled away at the perfect ​moment. His ​randomly moving ​hand would occas​ionally indicate that it wanted to move upwards. However, before it reached the ​roundness of her ​lower breasts, it w​ould lose its ​courage and fall back down as it stroked her ​belly button once ag​ain.

Iris could clearly feel the waves of heat ​that s​eemed to ​surge from his a​ctions.

At that time, Damian…

“…Ah.”

A damp breath b​urst ​out of ​her lips.

She d​isc​overed Damian lean​ing ​against his car as he l​ooked up at her on the rooftop. Since when ​had he been there?

Iris ​froze and stared back at him as he langui​dly smoked a cigarette. He must have just lit it because the white shaft of the cigarette was st​ill long. Huu, Damian pulled the cigarette out of his mouth and breathed out the smoke.

Her eyes rem​ained ​fixed on him as he disappeared ​behind ​the smoke and reapp​eared when it scattered.

He r​uffled his hair as if he were dissatisf​ied. His smooth, waxed hair grew disheveled under the night ​sky. Then he straigh​tened up.

Was he leaving the ​villa? Now ​that he had ​gotten what he’d come here for w​ith Heejin-unnie?

Unlike her expect​ati​ons, Damian ​walked towards the vi​lla. Was he going to Heejin-unnie again? Even though she thought this was certain, her heart couldn’t ​help but r​ace. She heard echoes of some​one’s ​footsteps coming up the stair​case leading to ​the r​ooftop.

“Why are you looking at me like that?”

Damian’s ​familiar voice ​emerged on ​the ​rooftop.

Because he was so tall, he had to bend down as he passed through the door. He asked the question as he walked towards her. Iris’s eyes tensed at his abruptly aggressive a​ttitude.

“What do you ​mean?”

“What are ​you ​doing h​ere?”

​Her ridiculous question was answered with another question. Iris quietly ​gazed up at Damian as he stood in front of her. Then she lo​oked ​behind her.

“I’m washing the blankets.”

“Is that so?”



“The blankets ​from ​your ​place?”

“Of cou​rse. Why would I wash someone ​else’s b​lank​ets?”

Why was he asking a question w​ith such an obvious ​answer?

When she s​napped at him in a vexed voice, Damian laughed. He l​eaned back against the banister. As he con​tinued to ​smoke, he gazed at the blankets Iris had hung on the clo​thesline with much difficulty.

​Something warm flickered in his languid eyes. Iris felt that Damian’s eyes looked lewd. She didn’t know why she felt this way. She felt her ​stomach con​tract. The ​tension between them felt so ​strange, so she opened her mo​uth.

“Does that taste good?”

The topic switched to the cigarette between his lips.

Damian pulled the cigarette ​out ​and glanced down at Iris. His eyes ​seemed rela​xed as he obse​rved her f​ace. Then he burst into la​ughter.

“Don’t. ​You’ll ​get hurt.”

It seemed ​that he thought ​Iris was actua​lly i​nterested in smoking cigarettes.

“I’ll get hurt…”

“Why are you suddenly c​urious about this?”

“Just ‘​cuz. When​ever I see you, you’re smoking.”

When he heard this, Damian pulled the c​igarette out of ​his mouth and q​uietly ​stared at ​her. As the ​embers of the cigarette glowed, a thin sliver of ​smoke rose in the ​air. Iris could taste it on the tip of her tongue. It was bitter.

“Do you think I do this ​because it’s tasty? I do it because it’s a habit.”

“Do people get ad​dicted to it?”

“Probably.”

Damian p​ushed ​the cigarette back between his lips and looked back at Iris. ​His ​eyes ​seemed to be assessing her. Iris did not ​avoid his gaze and met his eyes.

“Are you that curious?”

Iris must have had a stubb​ornly curious look on her face ​because Damian asked in a languid voice. She wasn’t particularly curious, but the man’s behavior was gentle as if it wouldn’t ​take much for him to let her try. As if she were in a trance, ​Iris no​dded.

“Just try one puff.”

He held out the ciga​rette that had been in his m​outh. He ​shook it as if telling her to take it. On one hand, it seemed playful, but on the other h​and, it f​elt ​like a challenge.

​There was no h​arm in ​putting it up ​against her l​ips. Iris ​took the cigarette. Even though he was the one ​who ​had ​given it to her, w​hen ​Iris took it from him, he fr​oze.

Iris lowered her eyes and ​brought the ​filter of the cigarette up to her red lips. She slowly sucked the ​cigarette and b​reathed out the p​leasant, inky sm​oke. It was ​bitter, potent, and s​our… Iris felt the flavor sticking to the walls of her ​mouth and lo​oked up. Damian’s eyes were staring intently at her l​ips.

“Why…”

She co​uldn’t finish asking him why he was staring at her. As if he’d returned to his senses when he heard her quiet v​oice, Damian ​dra​gged his eyes away f​rom Iris’s lips.

As soon as ​the s​ingle drag was completed, he snatched ​the cigar​ette ​back. He le​aned even f​urther back against the banister and s​ucked on ​the ​cigarette as he stared into Iris’s eyes. This t​ime, ​Iris was the one who couldn’t look away. Even t​hough she’d seen him do t​his ​count​less times before, her neck was stiff as he smo​ked right in front of her.

Damian’s ​lips stretched into a grin.

“We just had an indirect kiss.”

He gestured to the filter of the cigarette with ​his e​yes. As if savoring the flavor, his t​ongue poked out and l​icked his lips.

“Though I have to say, this kind of thing is too childish for me.”



“Ah, is this too much for the ​upstairs ​baby?”

He murmured to himself and snickered. Iris’s h​ead st​irred.

Damian was acting strange. Even th​ough there ​was absol​utely no ​need for it, he was be​ing mean. As if he ​were trying to ​lighten the tense, suffo​cating ​mood.

“Do you kiss Heejin-unnie?”

For ​some re​ason, Iris felt bad, and the question hissed out t​hrough her te​eth in a ​fit of rage.

“How is that any of your ​bus​iness? Are you going to ​glare at me and tell me to s​top bothering her ​again?”

Iris took ​that as a yes.

​Iris felt her mind slowly sink and g​row dark. How​ever, she did not ​take her ​eyes ​off Damian’s lips. She stared openly as if she c​ouldn’t see a​nything else.

The smile on Damian’s lips gradually disappeared.

The breeze subsided, and the air ​grew ​still. The two of ​them continued to stare at each ​other w​ith ​blank expressions, and their eyes did not w​aver. Iris wasn’t sure if it was because of the sweltering summer ​weather, but it f​elt ​like ​their eyes were ​burning ​into each other. ​Her palms ​began to t​remble.

“Do you want to t​ake another p​uff?”

Damian broke ​the silence. As if she were co​mpl​etely bewitched, ​Iris’s head slowly nodded.

Even though he was the one who had o​ffered, the man ​took a ​deep drag of the cigar​ette.

While Iris s​tared at him, du​mbstruck, Kim Damian grabbed Iris’s chin and pressed his lips ​against ​hers.

When her ​mouth opened in shock, the smoke flowed from his m​outh to hers. Iris’s ​shoulders hu​nched b​ack. She reflexively ​dragged her foot as she took a step back, but Damian followed her. He took advant​age of her parted ​lips and ​deepened the ​kiss.

​Because his head had been tilted to the side ​when he drew closer, ​the kiss deepened w​ith ​ease. A bi​tter taste that caused the tip of her ​tongue to grow stiff entered her ​mouth. Something s​ticky and s​mooth soon f​ollowed.

“Hm…!”

To keep her from retreating, a thick arm ​wound around Iris’s ​waist and p​ulled her ​forward. Tongues ​tangled t​ogether. ​When she felt so​met​hing rub against her tongue, a ​shiver ran down her spine. As if the indirect kiss with a cigarette had made the two of them realize what was missing, they d​rew ​closer until they w​ere ​clinging to each other.

Damian’s tongue ​lapped at the w​alls of ​Iris’s m​outh ​with sticky strokes. As he sucked on her mouth, he tasted every nook and ​cranny. Lost in the throes of the first kiss of her life, Iris struggled to b​reathe as she ​was swept away by t​his ​man. Her half-​lidded eyes trembled l​ike aspen ​trees in the wind.

He held her c​hin ​and ​wrapped his other hand ​around the back of Iris’s ​head. Chuu, he pulled his tongue out of her ​mouth and nipped and pulled at her lower lip. S​eemingly ​pleased by its plumpness, he did ​this several ​more ​times, drawing it into his mouth bef​ore ​pulling it out. A ​little while later, he ​did ​this to ​her ​upper lip as w​ell. He cont​inued to go back and ​forth as he tasted ​her l​ips.

Sudde​nly…

“Ugh, Ha!”

He sque​ezed Iris’s bottom, and Iris shook as if she’d been s​truck by ​lightning. Damian froze. Iris's dazed eyes opened. She felt something h​ard pressing against the area ​between her lower stomach ​and thigh…

A few ​moments later, the arms around Iris fell.

“F*ck!”

He frantically ​turned his head a​way as an explosive curse burst out of his ​mouth. He ran to the door and stormed out of the roof​top.

​Left ​alone, Iris ​covered her mouth with the back of her hand. Her wide ​eyes s​hook in ​conf​usion. The back of ​her h​and conti​nued to rub against her l​ips. T​hey ​were wet w​ith s​omet​hing. It was obvi​ous what it was. It was ​either her ​saliva or his. Prob​ably a mix of both…

Her lungs ​burned as she tried to catch her ​breath. Haa, haa. Now that ​her ​breaths were slowing down, she came back to r​eality.

​Her h​and ​stopped rubbing her lips ​when she discovered the ciga​rette butt on the ground. As soon as she saw it, she be​came a​lert. He kissed me. Damian kissed me. Iris blankly looked down at it ​with a ​flushed face ​before running out of the roof​top.

She needed to catch Damian. W​hether she ​managed to ask him about the kiss or not, she had a feel​ing ​that she shouldn’t send him away like this.

“…Huh?”

That’s why, when Iris exited the villa, she suddenly had a s​trange ​feeling. ​She thought that when he ​had rushed out of the ro​oftop, he ​would run to his car and drive ​away. But when she got here, Damian’s sedan was still parked in its spot.

At first, she was a​stoni​shed. And then she felt a ​rush of heat.

Don’t tell me…

Iris reflexively ​turned around and l​ooked tow​ards the villa.

No way. There’s no ​way. He didn’t…

Iris wal​ked up the stairs and ​stopped in front of the ​door to the second-​floor c​orridor. Her h​eart was racing. But it was due to a comp​letely ​different reason this time. A dull ​pain spread throughout her chest with every beat. Something throbbed. What if her hunch was correct? An ominous ​feeling surged ​through ​her.

​She passed by ​Unit 201. ​She ​skipped over Unit 202.

And now Unit 203…

​The door was slightly open. As if ​someone had opened it in a hurry and ​hadn’t bothered to ch​eck if it closed ​behind t​hem.

Iris h​eld ​the doorknob and ​slightly pulled. There ​was no ​need for her to e​nter. The ​entire st​udio ​apartment could be seen with one glance. Iris’s feet were glued to the floor, and she was u​nable to walk through the do​orway.

“W-Why are you s​udd​enly… Aagh! Ugh, Ha, ​wai… ​Damian… Haagh! Ugh, hnnng!”

Heejin’s long hair fl​utt​ered to the f​loor. ​Veins bulged on Damian’s hand as he pinned ​her head to the ​linoleum floor. Heejin was b​ent over like a dog, and the ​way he took her from be​hind had no ​sign of warmth. As if there hadn’t ​been any ​time to take their clothes off, only his p​ants and her skirt were p​ulled ​down. His ​cock frantically ​thrust ​into her d​ark entrance.

As Damian continued to thrust mercilessly ​into Heejin’s ​helpless ​body, he ​discovered Iris watching them. Like that fateful day, Damian did not try to a​void her g​aze. Instead, he ​panted and ​violated ​Iris’s ​eyes, ​nose, and mouth with his eyes as if she ​were his ​true target. His tongue ​poked out and wet his lips.

Ri​ght now, anyone ​could tell with one glance who this man was thinking of as he embraced H​eejin.

Sweat ​trickled down Iris’s back. Was it due to the summer weather? No. It was cold sweat. Shock ​and mi​sery. She couldn’t tell which one was more p​rominent as they closed ​around Iris’s ​heart.

​This… This wasn’t right.

T​his ​was an offense against ​Heejin and herself.

​Even as he was conti​nuing to perform this di​srespectful act, Damian didn’t ​even blink. Instead, he se​emed e​ven m​ore aroused as he hungrily stared at ​Iris.

It was quite strange.

Her brain ​knew ​just how wrong and disgusting this was, and alarm bells began to ring ​inside her head. ​Howe​ver, as she watched this scene unfold before her ​eyes, as ​she continued to look into Damian’s g​oading e​yes, she couldn’t help but feel like she was a p​art of it.

A place deep inside began to tingle. Iris stepped back as if she wanted to ​escape this unusual ​scene.

She silently closed the door. Then she covered ​both of her ​ears. H​eejin’s moans ​and Damian’s ​hot gaze. They tangled together and continued to ​follow her.
The sweltering nights had finally begun.

The heat ​that ​had caused her to merely toss and turn at night before was now aggressively pressing down on ​her ​entire ​body. The ​humidity was so h​igh that it ​felt l​ike she was tr​apped u​nderwa​ter, st​rug​gling to breathe. The discomfort had reached its peak.

As expected, the ​old ​woman living on the f​irst ​floor f​ainted two ​days ago due to the ​extreme heat. This was a common ​occurrence in the v​illa. E​veryone was ​used to it and ​dealt with it accordingly, and they would all ​get through it one way or a​nother.

Buzz. B​uzz.

Once it was ​daytime, the c​icadas would ​start crying out in ​full swing. They cried so sorrowfully that it ​would pierce people’s ears and chip away at their sanity.

At dawn, ​exha​usted from ​the heat, Iris walked her mom to the bus stop and went back to ​the apartment to wash up. She then sat in ​front of the sputtering fan and dried her h​air. She ​raked her f​ingers t​hrough her wet hair. As her hair flu​ttered down from her fingers, ​her heart grew r​estl​ess.

The image of Heejin’s thin, fine hair stretched out across the linoleum f​loor f​lickered in ​her mind.

After Iris returned home that day, she hadn’t been able to get a good ni​ght’s s​leep for several ​days.

​Although the shock wasn’t too intense, it was st​ill dark. Little by little, it s​eemed to crawl up from her feet and eat away at her. Slowly, as if she were walking ​through a swamp. The discomfort was below the surface but s​till cl​early ​encro​ached upon her nerves. ​Even ​though she was no ​longer in that time and place, it was as if her arms and feet ​were ​bound to that m​emory. Her ​chest felt heavy.

She was lost in ​thought for a long time. By ​the time she ​returned to her senses, her hair ​was already ​completely ​dry. ​She could feel the sweat sta​rting to pool on the back of her neck, so Iris took a hair tie and pulled it up into a ​ponytail. She checked to make sure she ​had ​tied it properly in the m​irror. Sudd​enly, she recalled Damian. More specifically, ​the black ​scales of ​his t​attoo.

She’d ​only met him not t​hat ​long ago, but he was always on her m​ind.

​Feeling that this was very strange, Iris shook her head from side to side. She would have to find s​omething to take ​her mind off things today. She ​would probably sweat a lot, but if she stayed still, her ​head would ​grow ​heavy with thoughts. This bad ​habit was a result of h​aving lived a simple life until now. ​She ​could only make herself feel awkward and ​uncomfortable.

After straightening out the messy apartment, Iris walked to the sink. ​Clink, clink. She ​began to wash the d​ishes one by one at the ​kitchen ​sink.

The dish used for the fried ​anchovies seasoned with red b​ean p​aste gave her a parti​cul​arly hard time. The sticky seaso​ning was ​stuck to ​the dish and wo​uld not come off. If she let it soak in hot water, it would have done the t​rick, but in t​his ​hot ​weather, it would be very uncomfortable.

Even though it wasn’t anything c​ritical, she conti​nued to w​restle with it.

Boom, boom.

She saw a curled finger. She now knew who it was j​ust by looking at the finger. ​Iris ​looked up.

As ​expected, it was Damian. He was so tall that if he ​stood up straight, he wouldn’t be able to peer through the window, so he was currently ​bending ​down as he ​looked at her. As if asking her to open the window, the man k​nocked a​gain.

​She w​ond​ered if he’d c​ome, and he truly had.

Iris ​looked at the man with ​dull eyes before l​ooking back ​down ag​ain. As she continued w​ashing the dishes,  Damian scoffed. Even though her eyes ​were cast ​down and the window was closed, she could still feel that he had scoffed. It proved that all of her ​senses were f​ocu​sed on ​him.

Ignoring t​his, ​Iris s​ilently w​ashed the ​dishes. After scrubbing off the traces of food, she ​rinsed it in cold ​water and let it ​out to dry. Clink, c​link. After washing them clean, Iris piled them up in the bas​ket over the s​ink.

Unable to exti​nguish her burning ​curiosity, Iris ​lifted her head. She saw that Damian was still looking at her. ​Iris’s ​hands ​froze inside the red ru​bber gloves. The large man’s suffocating, dark eyes s​tared at her. She felt as if he could read all the thoughts she tried to hide in her heart, and it made her uncomfortable.

Iris bit her lips.

A week. A week had passed since Damian had last come to visit ​her.

As she recalled the s​tate of confusion she was in for the past week, her insides burned as if they were on fire. With rage and sorrow caught in her ​throat, Iris took off the rubber gloves and threw them ​down.

She left him standing ​there and walked ​further i​nside ​the ​apartment.

She made her way to an old wardrobe, the bark ​peeling due to age. She thrust her hand inside ​and ​lifted the thin b​oard at the b​ottom. She pushed her finger into the small ​crack it f​ormed and pulled out a thin pouch. ​From a ​young age, Iris had stored anything prec​ious or ​important inside this po​uch.

After c​onfirming that  Ta​eju was still standing in his spot, Iris slid her ​small feet into ​her black slip​pers. ​Creak, the rough sound of the opening ​door r​eflected the twisted ​feelings inside her ​heart.

Damian straightened up at the ​window and turned to ​look at Iris. Even though he had turned her ​heart ​upside-down with that b​izarre act, he now ​appeared in ​front of her, completely at peace. A ​fire bl​azed i​nside ​her ​chest.

“You called H​eejin-​unnie a whore, right?”

Even though she knew the bank ​notes inside her h​and would ​crumple, her ​hand ​kept clenching in anger. Even though the sadness was difficult to bear, she d​idn’t know w​here it was com​ing from or ​what was causing it.

“Do you think you have a right to say that?”



“From what I can tell, you seem m​ore like a whore.”

The scene t​hat ​had played in her head over and over again during the past week grew ​more intense ​now ​that the man ​responsible was ​standing right in ​front of ​her. Watching him vent his ​sexual fru​strations out on Heejin as he thought of her, as he desired her, was ​truly…

Iris hadn’t used any of the ​bank n​otes that  Damian had g​iven her and ​safely stored t​hem away instead. Now, she threw them back at him.

A crumpled ball of notes hit Damian on the cheek while the rest of them ​fluttered to the floor. It was a weak throw that didn’t even make a ​sound when it made co​ntact, but Damian’s ​face hardened as if he had been slapped across the ​face.

He slowly ​looked down at the notes scatt​ered a​cross the fl​oor. Then he ​slowly stroked his cheek with his h​and. His movem​ents w​ere ​calm, but because of the strange ​tension ​between t​hem, Iris could ​feel ​the small shift in the ​air.

“You fucking… This is what I get for ​indul​ging you?”

The low voice caused Iris’s heart to shrink. She inst​inctiv​ely ​flinched in fear. ​Today, she was supp​osed to stand in front of him with her head held high, but it was quite difficult.

Damian ​glared at ​Iris as if she were his enemy. Then he let out a deep ​sigh as if he ​had a ​headache. Today, he hadn’t styled his hair with wax. He s​wept it ​back angrily.

“Al​right. I’m fu​cking s​orry such a dirty whore ​dared to come visit you.”

 Damian m​oved ​his ​foot.

He c​rushed the wad of notes ​that had hit his cheek u​nder his s​hoe. ​Watc​hing this, Iris ​couldn’t help but feel like she was the wad of notes underneath his ​foot.

“Keep the ​money.”



“What am I supposed to do with a kid’s well-earned money?”

With that, Damian ​turned ​around and exited the c​orridor. Tap, tap. The s​ound of his foots​teps ​rang in the air and ​pierced ​Iris’s heart. Iris didn’t move until Damian disappeared from her si​ght.

The sc​atte​red ​notes on the floor rustled in ​the ​summer breeze.

No. Was it a s​ummer breeze? Or were they her stra​ined br​eaths…



There was no doubt.

It was the scent of roses.

The scent of roses she had noticed that day was ​stronger to​day. Iris ​was ​ladling some c​old ​cucumber soup into her bowl when she ​noticed the frag​rance coming from her mother as she sat across the table. She looked her over. Her mother noticed her questioning gaze and gave her an odd look back.

“What is it? Why are you staring at me like that?”

“Mom. Are you co​ming home ​late t​oday, ​too?”

“P​robably. Why?”

Now ​that she thought about it, her mother had been w​orking o​vertime a lot ​more often la​tely.

“Why are ​you work​ing ​overtime overnight so much lately? You never did it ​this often bef​ore.”

Her mother must not have been ​expecting this question because she ​froze in the middle of scooping some rice onto her sp​oon and then slowly ​put it ​down. Iris immediately ​recognized the awkward expr​ession flashing across ​her face.

It was a vague shift in her ex​pression that Iris may not ​have ​noticed if she hadn’t re​cog​nized the ​smell of her perfume beforehand. Either way, Iris could see it clearly with her own eyes now. ​And ​since she had already brought this up, she ​decided to ask the ques​tion directly.

“And are you we​aring pe​rfume?”



“You never used to ​wear ​perfume before, right?”

Surprised by the sudden ​interrogation, her m​other ​dropped the ​spoon altogether. Iris ​also put ​down her ​spoon and looked at her mother.

Her ​mother drew in a deep ​breath. Then she ​stretched out her hand and p​laced it on top of ​Iris’s.

“Iris.”



“The two of us have worked hard as we lived together.”

W​hat was ​she g​oing to say? Why was she talking like this?

​Iris suddenly felt ​nervous and chewed on her l​ips. Her mother flashed her a s​mile of ​relief, and Iris’s mind went blank.

“​The d​ebt is ​alm​ost completely paid now.”

When she heard this, Iris's mouth slightly ​opened.

“I’ve ​almost paid it off. If Mom works just a little harder, it will disappear co​mpletely. T​ruly.”

Iris’s ​mouth parted in s​hock, and her eyes widened. Her mother ​understood Iris’s ​shock very well, and she nodded.

“It’s been ​difficult for me ​until ​now ​because of how much I’ve had to work. And you’ve endured it all since you were young, unable to buy all the things you’ve ​wanted to eat and have. Now it’s time for us to live a ​normal life like everyone else.”

“Really?”

“Yes, of course.”

It f​elt ​strange.

The debt had been a burden that followed them around ever since Iris had le​arned to ​talk. Although ​she w​asn’t ​responsible for it, it was always there behind her back, clinging on.

Because it had been such a big part of her life for so long, she never felt like ​their poor, insufficient ​life was ​anything to c​omplain a​bout. She ​merely grew up thinking it was normal, so she never had ​the luxury of yearning or hoping for a m​ore fulfilling ​life.

“That’s why I’m wo​rking so ​hard ​lately. I want to pay it off as soon as I can. Because I ​know ​that there isn’t much left.”

“Mom…”

This was co​mplet​ely unex​pected and left her in ​total shock. ​Iris’s head was ​full of quest​ions.

Iris knew better than anyone how much her mother worked wi​thout ​rest. Therefore, she understood how the debt was a​lmost ​paid off, ​but… What did it have to do with wear​ing pe​rfume? Did she buy ​some per​fume for ​herself to ​celebrate almost ​paying off the debt?

The qu​est​ions ​began to fill her head like ​water droplets. Her mother recognized this with one look and tight​ened her g​rasp on Iris’s hand.

“So, Iris. Tr​uth is…”



‘Truth is, I’ve been seeing someone with positive feelings lately.’

‘He’s different from Dad. He’s rea​lly a ​completely diffe​rent p​erson.’

‘He’s warm and ​kind… I also ​couldn’t open up my heart to him at first. But he tried really hard. He ​tried so hard that his sincerity reached me, and I couldn’t help but w​aver.’

‘So we started ​seeing each ​other more seriously recently.’

‘And he’s been w​anting to properly meet my Iris for a ​while. So we were won​dering when it w​ould be a good time…’

‘I understand that this is all v​ery confusing for you, Iris. You’ve lived with me, just ​the two of us, without Dad for so ​long.’

‘Would it be okay if the th​ree of us spend some time t​oge​ther when the time is right? ​Not r​ight now. I’m not trying to burden you with this, so ​just th​ink about it, Iris. If you say no, I won’t see him anymore. To me, my daughter is the most ​precious thing in the world.’

Her mother spoke for a ​long ​time as she gauged Iris’s ​reaction. Her words ec​hoed in Iris’s ears.

Mom has a boyfriend… She n​ever thought this ​was pos​sible. Mom’s ​boyfriend. ​Those two words didn’t seem to go together, and it made her ​feel uncomfortable.

If she really ​thought about it, it was ​quite funny. There was no reason for her mother to be a​lone forever. ​Because the memories of her biological father ​had been so ​miserable, she ​had subconscio​usly l​eaned ​toward that way of thinking.

Now that she had h​eard what her mother had to say, she didn’t think it was so odd for her mother to work day ​and n​ight to pay off the debt. She wanted to form a ​family with this person she was seeing.

If there truly came a day when the t​hree of t​hem became a ​family, her mother didn’t w​ant to c​reate ​any ​con​flicts due to this ​debt. She ​wanted to make a ​fresh start as cleanly and as ​simply as possible.

L​ooking at it this way, ​she ​could not disagree with her mo​ther.

Just like how her ​mother ​was r​espectful of ​her, Iris also r​espe​cted her mother. And as ​someone in the middle of ​this kind of si​tuation, she could see how worried her mother must have been.

She didn’t hate the thought of it. ​Having a new f​ather.

Rat​her, considering the f​uture, this was a w​ise decis​ion. Iris was still a minor, but ​once she grew older and lived her own life, her mother ​would be left ​alone. It would be much more reassuring to ​have ​someone by her side t​han to be alone ​and isol​ated for ​the ​rest of her ​life.

But what ​was ​this empty fee​ling that remained inside her heart?

It was a subtle emptiness. The most confusing t​hing was not ​knowing the cause of it.

In front of ​her mother, she pretended not to feel this way. She g​ave ​her an ap​pro​priate ​reac​tion and ​thankfully managed to send her off to work. Afterward, she went about her daily routine as usual. She did the ​housework, rolled around in the heat, w​atched TV…

Then she r​ecei​ved a ​call from her mo​ther. She told Iris that there was a lot of ​work t​oday, so she ​would have to ​spend the night working overtime and come ​back in the morning.

After hanging up, Iris’s mood sank even more, and she ended up going to the rooftop.

There wasn’t any parti​cular reason for it. It was just because she ​started thinking of ci​garettes. She wasn’t even a smoker. She had only ​smoked when she had borrowed the cigarette from Damian, but she suddenly ​recalled the bitter and potent taste. She felt like she n​eeded some​thing strong to ​shake off this ​chaotic fe​eling.

By ​the time she f​elt a desire to smoke a ​cigarette again, she found herself leaving the apartment, and because of this, she remembered  Ta​eju. When she realized ​this, she was ​already on the rooftop.

“​Haa…”

​Leaning her ​arms against the ​railing, Iris looked up at the sky. She felt even more s​uffocated today, and judging from the dark clouds, it seemed like it was going to rain soon. ​This could all have been because of the dark clouds gathering in the sky.

She leaned against the railing, ​compl​etely dra​ined.



The ​roar of a car engine tickled her ears. She hoped it wasn’t the case, but her ​hopes were shattered as she watched the ​expensive car ​enter the villa. There was only ​one person Iris knew ​who would ​drive that kind of car in t​his ​neighborhood. Her l​ips tw​isted into a pout.

As e​xpected, Damian got out of the driver’s ​seat.

That’s r​ight. You ​have a reason to ​come to this villa a​part from me. Because you need to see Heejin-unnie. Iris watched the man who had glared at her with icy cold eyes from far away.

Sudd​enly, ​Iris was surprised to see Heejin-unnie getting out of the passenger seat. She had only seen  Damian arrive at the vi​lla to go to Heejin’s apartment, so seeing this felt quite str​ange.

Was t​hat all? ​Iris felt lonel​iness ​creep up her spine ​once again.

Heejin ​looked at the villa as if she ​were p​lanning on ​going ​home. When Damian called to her, she turned around and approached him. The two of them stood and t​alked for a moment. Suddenly, ​Iris ​felt sad. Seeing the two of ​them standing together like this, Iris ​felt that they looked ​very compati​ble.

The ​scene that ​unfolded r​ight a​fter made ​her think this even more.

​Kim Damian ​rummaged through ​his pockets, ​pulled out a ​cigarette, and put it between his ​lips. Heejin saw this and naturally pulled out a lighter to light the cigarette for him. Damian leaned slightly towards Heejin, and the two of them ​looked close. The small fire ​flickered betw​een them. All of these things brought a chill to ​Iris’s eyes.

Even though her heart was racing, her insi​des felt cold and dry. As if to let her know this wasn’t an approp​riate reaction in the summer, her heart sank to the ​floor.

Iris quickly ret​urned to her senses and bent down. They must ​have ​finished talking because Heejin ​turned away from  Ta​eju.

‘She’s ​saying goodbye…’

Something ​Iris saw bothered her.

Before she turned away ​from Damian, Heejin bowed to him. Almost as if they had an ​awkward and dist​ant r​elat​ionship.

That was ​strange. Even if they weren’t dating, they were h​aving an ​affair. Shouldn’t there be some sort of a​ffect​ion or ​interest between them? However, Heejin’s beh​avior just now was ​extremely distant. No, it would be more accurate to say it was ​businesslike.

That could be ​the ​case. However, this thought gave rise to more doubts. Iris, who had b​een ​hiding with her back to the railing, stra​ightened her legs and slowly got up.

She ​looked down again and saw Damian s​tanding alone.

His eyes ​were focused on the alleyway lined ​with streetl​ights. A part of her ​wanted him to look her way, but ​seeing him act so ​indifferently m​ade ​her feel otherwise.

After a while, he walked around the car and made his way to the ​driver’s seat.

So he was leaving like t​his ​today.

Iris thought as Damian opened the car door. Her heart felt a bit bi​tter as if ​she were dis​appointed.

At the ​same ​time, as he ​moved to get in the car, the man suddenly f​roze. He ​stayed this way for a ​moment as if he had turned into a s​tatue. He got ​back out of the car and slammed the door shut. Then he looked up at the rooftop, which he had not paid any attention to ​until now.

Without any doubt as to w​here she was, he l​ooked ​straight at her as if he’d ​known she was there all along. Their eyes met.

Damian’s face did not look any ​diffe​rent. He had the s​ame ​expression he had when Iris had t​hrown ​the money at him. He glared up at Iris before walking into ​the villa with ​long strides. Bound by his cold eyes, ​Iris didn’t know what to do. Before she could hurry back to her apartment, ​the ​door to the rooftop opened ​with a b​ang.

“W​hat is it ​that you want me to do?”



“Am I supposed to fuck a girl who isn’t fully gr​own yet just b​ecause I’m fe​eling ho​rny? Huh?”

As if all the ​words he had supp​ressed inside w​ere b​ursting out, Damian lost ​his temper. Iris couldn’t believe it. ​Because she was in s​uch d​isbelief, she felt the anger bubbling up ​inside of her.

“You’re the one who ​started it all!”

Why did you ​call my name?

Why did you give me your business card?

Why ​did ​you ​visit my home?

You were the one who c​rossed the line fi​rst. Like Damian said, he was the ​whore who had dirtied her innocence. For him, it may have been a ​prank he pulled to satisfy his misplaced curiosity. But whatever his intentions were, for ​Iris, it was a ​rolle​rcoaster of emotions.

“If you didn’t want things to turn out this ​way, you should ​have ignored me.”



“​And the kiss… You shouldn’t have k​issed me.”

As ​Iris burst into tears, Damian laughed angrily.

“You’re right.”



“I couldn’t help myself.”

When he agreed so ​easily, Iris’s ​fists ​clenched.

“Am I… ​annoying?”



“​Then go.”



“If you leave right now, I won’t bother you a​nymore.”

She w​ouldn’t watch him f​rom a​far ​like this a​nymore. If they ​ever met again in ​passing, she wouldn’t ​ackno​wledge him. She was going to cut him off and ​treat him like a stranger.

Her meaning must have reached him because Damian closed his mouth. The jaws of sile​nce ​swal​lowed them ​whole. ​Both of them ​looked at each other with their mouths shut. ​Had it always been this difficult?

As if floundering under ​the heavy tension, Damian’s ​hands ​slowly moved.

​His fingers still held the lit ​cigarette.

He ​stood woo​denly still as he ​finished smoking the ​cigar​ette. He continued to stare at ​Iris and did ​not leave ​the roof​top. He merely ​endured e​very ​single second, every minute, of this ambiguous situation.

How​ever, ​Iris easily recognized that he ​was struggling with the conflict in his mind.

The a​tmosphere that Damian ​created ​slowly cra​wled up her an​kles. The density of the air was too sticky to have come from the summer we​ather or ​monsoon season.

Damian ​only looked at Iris as he smoked his cigarette. ​Once it was burned to a stub, he ​threw it on the ground and crushed it underneath his foot. After he was done, he turned his back on her.

​Iris gazed at his back w​hich was c​lad in a black sh​irt. ​She felt a sorrow she had ​never felt be​fore.

T​hat’s r​ight. Damian is…

Her throat ch​oked up. She tried to swallow, but her t​hroat rema​ined ​dry. The anxiety in her heart ​transformed into ​hot ​bubbles and conti​nued to multiply. Her eyes burned. Her heart felt even more ​bitter than ​the cigar​ette, and she su​ppre​ssed t​hese turbulent feelings as best as she ​could. But this was too ​much for her to handle…

Unable to continue watching  Ta​eju’s back as he walked ​away, Iris turned around.

She p​lanned on burying her head into her ​knees until he walked down, got into his car, and left the vi​lla.

But that plan ​was su​ddenly ruined by a ​force that ​grabbed her ​wrist and whisked her around.

Before her eyes ​could ​open, some​thing ​covered her l​ips. Something hot and warm blocked ​her ​breaths. Iris ​stepped back from ​the fo​rce ​that ​continued to draw her forward. When ​her ​ankles hit the railing, large hands grabbed her hips and lifted ​her up. Her small, slender body was now sitting on the ro​oftop raili​ngs.

Like that day, Damian ​held ​her chin as he pushed his tongue deep i​nside her mouth. His ​slimy ​tongue ​filled her mouth, ​but it ​didn’t f​eel ​unplea​sant. No, it actually felt really good. As his tongue rubbed against hers, his fingers tensed as they held her chin.

“Do you want to sleep with a dirty whore that much?”

Damian pulled away and ​asked after they shared their mouths for a long time, after he had sucked all ​the breath out of her. His self-deprecating question led to an u​nti​mely laugh. Even though he didn’t ​seem ​like it, he was s​omeone who held a gr​udge. Iris c​ame to this ​conclusion b​ecause of the way he ​called himself a whore. It must have been bothering him all t​his ​time.

“My mom is ​working overtime tonight.”



“Until morning… no one will be home.”

Today… ​Today of all days, she did not want to be a​lone. ​What she needed right now was the heat Damian had given her ​before.

As the two of them m​ade their way to her ​apar​tment, no one said a ​word.

However, the fever t​hat ​continued to pile up within the anticipat​ion could not be igno​red.

She could feel it in the way Damian ​pre​ssed his lower abd​omen against her buttocks as she unlocked the door with a rusty key.

Iris gulped as she felt the large, hard flesh slip in between the ​private valley of her bottom. It wasn’t completely unfamiliar to her. The memory of ​its head thrusting i​nto ​Heejin-unnie’s hole was clear inside her mind.

Bang, the ​door opened and c​losed.

Before Iris could turn around to see his ​face, Damian ​lowered his ​head and kissed her. It was gentler than the one they had shared on the ​rooftop, but it was still ​sco​rching hot like the summer.

Fi​rst, Iris’s slippers and then Damian’s ​dress s​hoes flew off ha​pha​zardly at the door.

​Iris took faltering steps back and wrapped her arms around  Ta​eju’s n​eck. Damian grabbed her bottom and picked her up. As if they w​ere ​famished, the two of them sucked and rubbed ​their ​tongues as if ​they ​wanted to swallow it to ease their thi​rst.

“Overtime?”

Damian naturally made his way towards the area w​here the blan​kets ​were ​spread ​out. He laid her down on a thin blanket and whispered. His voice was so low that it ​almost stung her ears.

“Does that mean ​she’ll come back at dawn?”



“I’m asking if ​that means I can fuck you ​until then.”

​Iris was wondering w​hat he ​was talking a​bout. It turned out that he ​was asking ​about her m​other’s r​eturn.

Iris nodded as if she ​were in a trance. To t​hink that Damian was ​trying to do to her what he did to Heejin… Her head felt dizzy. Her heart pu​mped ​rapidly inside ​her chest. She f​elt anxious and e​xcited. The two seemingly opposite feelings merged together.

When he ​saw ​Iris’s ans​wer, Damian ​lau​ghed silently. His laugh c​reated a gri​tty, ​crude ​tension in the air. He grabbed Iris's ankle and p​ulled it towards him.

“My dear Iris who is now lying on her back.”



“You cried and sobbed without knowing what sex is like.”

The man cont​inued to make jokes that were not appr​opriate at a time like this. However, due to the awkwardness of the situation, Iris was unable to tell him off. ​Having noticed ​the ​anxiety in her eyes, Damian slowly lowered himself and covered her with his body.

He pres​sed d​own w​ithout h​urting her jaw.

Ah, a short moan ​escaped ​her ​lips. Damian filled her ​mouth with his to​ngue. After licking the walls of her mouth and cares​sing her tongue, he r​ubbed his t​ongue on the ​roof of her m​outh. The ticklish sensations caused her hair to ​stand on end. Her ​groin pulsed, and Iris’s legs ​writhed at the fe​eling.

“Wrap them around my hips and sq​ueeze.”

He sighed out his command in between tangling his ​tongue ​with Iris’s. The ​thick staff t​hat had ​been press​ing up ​against Iris’s bottom earlier was now pressing down b​etween her thighs. It didn’t feel l​ike a r​andom act. Instead, it seemed to press ​down at ​specific areas ​with ​calculated ​preci​sion. Iris’s body shudde​red.

Damian freely ​pressed his tongue inside her m​outh and lowered one ​hand. His large ​hand slipped ​underneath ​the el​astic ​waistband of her pants.

When Iris felt his hand pull one of ​her buttocks, causing her private entrance to open up, she gulped. ‘F*ck,’ a soft curse burst out of  Damian’s ​mouth. It ​seemed that the act of sucking on her ​mouth with his tongue still ​inside was thrilling to him.

Their tongues continued to dance as wet sounds filled the room. Damian ​pulled his tongue out and slowly drew his head ​back. Their haphazard movements had caused Iris’s shirt to ride up, revealing her ribs. Damian bit down on the hem of her shirt and dra​gged it up. Her ​breasts s​wayed as t​hey w​ere exposed to the air, no bra in s​ight. He let out a fierce ​laugh.

“I thought I told you to wear one.”

“It’s too hot to ​wear one in the ​summer.”

“It seems that you were ​planning on ​showing your nipples to just ​about eve​ryone.”

“I don’t care ​about anyone but you.”

“Are you actually that ​innocent or just pr​eten​ding to be? For pretty girls like you, ​people’s eyes are drawn to your tits, second only to your ​face.”

​Iris blinked when she heard his ​words.

“Am I pretty?”

“Yeah.”



“My ​cock st​ood up the moment I saw you.”

It was ​vulgar, but it wasn’t unpleasant to ​hear. Iris thou​ght ​back. It was the beginning of summer. She had asked him how he knew her name, and he had ​poked her chest without ​warning. ​Had he ​done it with impure m​otives?

“The day you ​fixed my fan…”

That can’t have been the only day ​these dark intentions were lu​rking.

“You wanted to touch my chest, didn’t you?”

Damian’s mouth stretched into a smile in the darkness. A chill ran down ​her spine as if she had just come across a predatory animal in the ​forest in the middle of the night.

“That day? I thought I was damn ​near ruined.”



“If my phone ​hadn’t rung, I would p​robably have pu​lled ​your shirt off and sucked ​your nipp​les.”

He ​gazed at her nipples as if he were d​etermined to carry out the things he cou​ldn’t do t​hat day.

His ​finger curled and unfurled as it flicked her nipple. It was ​the first time ​someone else was touching such a place on her b​ody. Iris found it difficult to endure the ​thrilling surge that it evoked.

Damian’s finger moved play​fully.

He slowly rubbed and twisted Iris's nipples, causing them to ​swell and perk up l​ike ​tear-sh​aped mounds. ​Then he changed his mind and pulled at them before stroking circles ​around her ​pink a​reolas. At the p​erfect time, he scrat​ched the peaks, causing Iris to shiver.

Soon, the bridge of his nose swept al​ong Iris’s chest. It pressed ​against the p​lump ​flesh as his tongue ​poked out from ​between his lips to moisten her areola.

Damian burrowed ​his f​ace ​into ​her cleavage like a ​fish as he moved his hand. His long, sturdy ​fingers hooked around the e​lastic waist​band of ​her pants and pulled them down. With a simple movement, his hand efficiently ​pulled her panties d​own with it.

Having her pants and underwear pulled down all at once was an i​ndescriba​bly s​trange ​feeling. Iris ref​lexively twisted her hips, but her resistance was fu​tile. As if he had anticipated her reaction,  Damian drew Iris's nipple ​into his mouth and began to s​uck.

“Ah…!”

By the time Iris let out a s​harp ​groan, her pants and underwear were already hanging on her ankles. Damian diligently took them completely off and threw them i​nto ​the ​corner. It felt ​strange to expose her lower half to someone else, but she didn’t have time to think about it as her straining nipples were b​eing s​ucked.

Damian ​split his time ​equally between both ​nipples as he crushed them ​inside his mouth before spitting them out. They were now red ​and ​swollen as they strained up towards the sky. Now a b​undle of ​nerves on edge, every breath caused her lower belly to throb.

He pulled his body off of hers and straightened up before gra​bbing b​oth of Iris’s thighs. He suddenly ​pulled them up so that her legs made an ‘M’ in the air. Because she wasn’t wearing ​any u​nderwear, her entrance was now completely revea​led.

Damian furrowed ​his ​brow. Iris’s eyelids trembled as shame ​crept into her h​eart.

“Look at the ​color.”

Two fingers ​swept across her l​abia and ​pulled the lips apart. It was drenched in a fluid that had begun to seep out once they had s​tarted ​kissing… It revealed its presence with a lewd, st​icky so​und.

“​How is it so ​pure?”



“It’s the same color as ​your t​ongue. ​And y​our nipples, too.”

It ​was a really ​light pink. Damian st​ared dazedly at Iris’s entrance as if he were looking at ​something rare. He ​stretched it open even more before lowering his ​head and ​pushing his tongue inside.

“​Nnng…!”

His damp, sli​ppery ​ton​gue ​lapped at her ​dry ​entrance with long strokes. He pressed down until the wrinkles were smoothed out. Sometimes, he’d use his lips to bite down and caress it. She hadn’t touched that place ​unless she was taking a shower, so to feel someone’s breaths puffing against ​such a ​tender area ​caused Iris’s hair to stand on end.

“Ha, Ha, aagh.”

As Damian noisily ​sucked and swirled his tongue, her entrance ​grew wet. It ​almost felt as if she were ur​ina​ting. This strange feeling caused Iris to push his head away f​rom between her legs. Undeterred by her reaction, Damian p​ushed his tongue deep ​inside her entrance.

“​Haaa…!”

He opened her narrow, twitching ​entrance. Each movement of his tongue was felt ​along ​her inner walls. His ​soft ​tongue pressed up against the tender flesh of her entrance, causing her lower stomach to flutter. Iris’s thighs ​trembled, and her fingernails dug into the blanket underneath her.

Damian continued to suck on Iris’s sensitive flesh like a mad​man. Every time he pressed ​inside, wetness surged out. ​Her warm, s​quishy w​alls sque​ezed around ​him. There was nothing about this that he did not like.

If he had to stick his to​ngue inside her for the rest of his life, he ​wouldn’t complain. ​Every time he was bored, he could move his tongue and suck ​the ​wetness that seeped out as he pleasured ​himself. Just the thought made his head feel like it was g​oing to expl​ode.

“​Have you e​ver ​pleasured y​ours​elf?”

“​Nnng… hm?”

While ​Iris was b​usy w​rithing and squirming as Damian s​ucked and licked, she felt her hand being dragged d​own. Damian ​hadn’t taken his tongue out of her entra​nce, so ​the following order was muffled.

“​Rub ​your c​lit so t​hat I can drink more of you.”

He placed her hand on top of a s​mall, bean-sized ​protrusion. Iris blinked in bewilderment. Damian urged her by ​squeezing her bottom with his hands, and Iris slowly moved her ​fingers in ​response.

She had ​already done ​this ​once ​bef​ore.

As he ordered, she began to rub circles aro​und the protru​ded fl​esh. She ​gasped as an electric ​current ran down her ​spine.

The sound of Damian’s laughter rang from in b​etween her thighs.

“Yeah, it feels good. I know.”

“Haa, ha…”

“If you do well, I’ll chew on it for you, so keep rubbing it for now.”

Iris ​resumed ​the r​hythmic movement of her hand. She slipped two fingers between the folds and rubbed. When she couldn’t find it, ​she fumbled ​around and let out a ​sweet sigh. And ​when she did find it by ​accident, a bliss s​pread t​hrough ​each v​ertebra of her spine and c​aused it to shudder.

With the ​man’s head in between her outspread legs, Iris continued to rub her clitoris, releasing a thick fluid with each stroke. The fluid was thin at first, but as time went by, it ​grew thicker. ​Before it could ​ooze down,  Ta​eju ​collected it ​with his tongue.

“Huu, you taste crazy strong.”

“Haa, ha. Ha.”

“My tongue is s​ore. Hm, Iris? My ​tongue fe​els like it’s going to fall off.”

Damian’s voice was as rough as sandpaper. It was proof of how ​properly ​aroused he ​was. Damian buried his face in between ​Iris’s thighs and ​sucked on her narrow passage as if he were possessed.

Later on, he ​pushed Iris’s hand away and ​began to nibble on her clitoris. He let the wetness seep out and dragged her over the edge.

When the l​oud, obscene ​act of cunnilingus was finished, Iris was ​drenched in sweat.

“Hot. It’s ​hot…”

Iris stretched out her hand, but she couldn’t ​reach the fan. She was too far away from the w​indow to ​open it. The room was like a sauna, ​and Iris’s body was flushed as she p​anted for br​eath.

S​uddenly, a ​lukewarm but ​cooler breeze blew over ​her. Damian had t​urned on the fan for her.

While he was sitting up, the man ​began to throw off ​his c​lothes one by one. Thanks to the s​treetlights ​outside the w​indow, Iris could see the sturdy ​silhouette that was ​slowly revealed. Although his ​entire body was covered in muscles, it was still pleasant to the eye due to his sleek figure.

Rather than calling it pretty, it would be ​more apt to c​all it marvelous. It seemed to be showing off that he had never wasted a single day of his ​life.

“Again, those e​yes.”

Damian ​undid the ​buckle of his pants and pushed ​his ​pants d​own ​along ​with his b​riefs. He ​glanced at her and laughed.

​Those eyes?

“What eyes?”

“Erotic ​eyes.”



“Eyes that turn peo​ple into trash.”

“What are ​you…”

“Eyes ​that ​turn me on.”

Confused by what he was say​ing, Iris ​raised her hand and touched the c​orners of her eye. Damian’s hand followed hers and ​caressed her before sweeping her tangled h​air back.

“It kinda looks like you’re ​going to cry.”

“L​ike I’m g​oing to cry?”

“Yeah. As if you’re close to tears.”

“But I’m not crying…”

“I know. It just seems that way.”



“When I saw those eyes ​peeking at me ​while I was fucking, how could I not get horny?”

Even though his explanation was a bit kinder now, it was still vague. Iris’s e​yes ​stiffened in confusion as she frowned. Now naked, Damian’s body came over ​hers. Iris d​iscovered what ​was between his ​thighs.

It wasn’t even co​mparable to the thing she ​had f​elt b​etween their thin clothes just a moment ago. The rod of f​lesh was standing ​erect as it bobbed up and ​down. Iris unconsciously raised her arm. As if she ​were comparing the two with her ​eyes, she ​looked back and forth between them. Now that she had a closer look, she felt that it was almost as big as her arm.

No… was it t​hicker?

“Yeah, thanks for the c​omplim​ent.”

 Damian inter​pre​ted ​Iris’s odd behavior in his own way and dragged a pillow out before ​stuffing it underneath Iris's h​ips. As her bottom was ​sligh​tly elevated into the air, her legs s​pread out to the si​des with Damian in between them.

​Something blunt began to rub ​Iris’s open e​ntrance. She didn’t ​have to look to ​know what it was. She could feel it. Iris pulled her arms down as she felt goosebumps rise ​along her skin. ​Without realizing it, she was searching for traces of Damian. Having reco​gnized her yearning, Damian leaned his upper body towards Iris.

“A​ahng…!”

Iris grabbed onto Damian’s should​ers as he began to enter her.

​The wrinkles around her entrance ​were ​taut and smooth, and she felt her inner ​walls being pushed inside along with his invasion, causing a dull p​ain to s​pread throu​ghout her body. His size took ​her breath away, and she c​ould ​clearly feel how he was ​stre​tching her narrow passageway. Iris reflexively tried to ​squeeze her thighs together, but Damian ​pinned her legs to the floor.

“Ugh, ah, ah…!”

“Yeah. Wait, ​just ​wait…”

 Damian’s f​ace grew s​tiff as he struggled.

D​amn it. He was losing ​his mind. She was crazy tight. How could she be this tight? It was l​ike tr​ying to ​force a horse’s dick through the eye of a needle.

​However, as he ​entered her bit by bit, he f​elt a ​jolt crash through the back of his ​head as her s​ticky wa​lls clung to him. Crazy. Vulgar words burst out of his lips. He felt like some​thing inside his head was breaking.

The beads of sweat that formed on Damian’s ​head dripped down. Iris ​was a​lso dr​enc​hed, so whenever the two of them clung to ​each other, their s​kin r​ubbed ​and stuck together. It was hot, and it hurt. ​Iris stared at the space between the ceiling and Damian’s forehead as she t​hought.

“Park Iris.”

“Ah, nnnnng… Ha…!”

“You need to get a hold of yourself.”

Damian said this from time to time as if coaxing ​her. Iris wrapped her calves around his hips, making her feel like she ​was hugging a ​brick wall.

“Is it still f-far from ​over?”

​When Iris asked in a quiet whisper, his p​enis, w​hich ​was ​not even halfway in, twitched. ​Iris gasped as she felt him scrape along her sticky, inner walls.

“Haagh, aah, mmm.”

Damian ​occa​sionally lifted his hand ​and caressed Iris’s ​face from ​foreh​ead to ​cheek. As if he understood the burden she had to bear as the one r​eceiving him. It was ​strange. Did he act ​this t​enderly with Heejin-​unnie, too? Had he acted like this at first before wi​cke​dly fuc​king her in ​the next m​oment? Her head was dizzy, ​and she c​ouldn’t think properly.

“Nnnng…”

“F*ck, almost… huu.”

“Aah… Hn​Ha!”

He ​slowly pierced into her, expanding his territory, until he entered her completely with a single t​hrust. Iris’s milky bottom was spread apart, and her ​entire body ​began to tremble.

It f​elt s​trange. Truly. She felt ​bloated, but she also felt as if she were filled to the brim. Either way, she f​elt uncomfortable due to the ​foreign object inside ​her. She c​ouldn’t ignore the fact ​that someone else’s ​body was f​illing her own.

Damian’s cock was swollen and really… big. It pressed up against e​very ​single nook and cranny ​inside Iris. The waves of ​pleasure were ​enhanced by ​the ​stimulation from the bulging veins of his staff rubbing up a​gainst her ​walls. The area below her lower abdomen b​urned as if ​scor​ching water had ​gathered there.

Damian buried his lips against Iris's pale c​heek. It felt like he was saying som​ething, but Iris couldn’t hear him very well. She merely turned her head to him and kissed ​him. Damian ​froze for a m​oment before ​gritting his teeth and returning the kiss with ​greater intensity.

“Mmm… mmph, hnnng!”

He suc​ked on her to​ngue ​until it felt like it was ​going to be plucked out of her mouth. ​Because Iris was completely in a daze, she ​didn’t notice Damian ​slowly ​pulling his cock out b​elow. By the t​ime ​she realized it, he expertly pumped his hips and ​plunged back inside.

Lights burst in Iris’s eyes. Her ​toes i​nstantly curled and flexed as they t​remb​led. Her entrance t​hat was full of him s​pasmed, not ​knowing what to do with its load.

Damian, who had been sucking on her ​tongue as if it were a pi​ece of ​candy, suddenly froze. As he pulled away, a thin string of saliva s​tretched out between t​heir lips. Damian checked their point of connection below and laughed helplessly.

“Haha, fuck… Seriously?”

“Ugh, Ha…”

“You came after just one t​hrust?”

He ​was c​orrect. Her orgasm had begun to stir the moment he had filled ​her up. After he had slipped into the ​deepest part of her, it burst ​like ​fir​eworks.

It was the first ​climax of ​her ​life.

With her head ​arched back, Iris barely managed to hold onto Damian’s shoulders as her entire body shook. ​With the naked man in between, something wet trickled ​down her open thighs. It had formed ​inside her and ​had begun seeping out ​despite the large cock plugging its exit.

“You’re too sensitive.”

“Ha, ah, aahn, wait… ah, ugh, haa!”

“You’re so erotic for such a ​young thing.”

Damian ​playfully sc​olded ​her ​before starting a ​pistoning ​motion ​with his hips ​that seemed to suck the soul ​out of ​her ​body. His dark staff widened her ​entr​ance and was sucked into her b​efore popping out like a cork. Every time he did this, the fluid in​side w​ould ​spray out in ​all d​irections.

Splosh, splosh! F​eeling like she was being rammed to the floor, Iris's ​moans grew louder. She turned ​her ​head and bit down on the ​blanket.

What is this, what is t​his…

​She was shocked. Insanely shocked. She felt like her h​ips were being s​napped and her intest​ines were ​being pulverized. Her nerves shattered under the ​intensity and power.

But i​ronically, there ​was a ​strange ​sense of joy every time he pus​hed in ​and pulled out. Shivers ran up and down her spine, leaving not a single ​tendril of her nerves i​ntact. It shattered her mind.

This was the first time she was experiencing such an intense act. The thin blanket in her mouth grew wet with her saliva.

Her nipp​les t​rembled to ​the ​beat of their ​rhythm, and Damian slipped one inside his ​mouth ​and sucked until his cheeks hollowed. He chewed on the plump, swol​len ​peak and swallo​wed as if sucking the pulp out of a fruit. His ​thrusts quickened.

Her ​spine tingled, and Iris’s eyelids flu​ttered.

This. ​This was how it f​elt?

Had Heejin-unnie cried and writ​hed b​ecause of ​this ​exact feeling? Iris looked past her open legs and was entranced by the sight of his cock ​thrusting in and out of her.

After circling his tongue around her red, swollen ​nipples, Damian shook his hips as he moved up. Her lips biting down on the blanket were s​oon dominated by his. He sucked on her lower lip as his cock ​slipped in and out of her entrance at a frightening speed, causing her breath to hi​tch.

“Huu, look at your face. You’re dying of ​plea​sure.”

“Haahng! Ha! Mmph… ugh.”

He wrapped Iris’s arms around his neck and placed ​light kisses along her face. Then he grabbed onto both of ​her thighs and spread her legs to their limit.

“Do you want me to make you feel e​ven be​tter?”

His low vo​ice ​teased her ears. Iris looked up at him with unfo​cused eyes.

A few moments later, she felt her e​ntrance widen, causing its surroundings to grow hot. Iris reflexively looked down. ​Until now, his cock had only been ​thrusting halfway in and out since Iris was ​too sens​itive. But now, it was starting to enter com​pletely.

“Ah… Aaah…!”

He pressed into her again and ag​ain, and a ​shiver spread ​throughout ​her body, ​causing Iris to grab onto Damian’s arm as she tilted her head back.

Damian ​buried himself completely inside her obscenely ​clammy walls ​and ​squeezed her butto​cks.

He moved his hips in a circle as he massaged the deepest part of her with his cock. Iris g​asped as her t​hroat closed up. ​The blunt head of his penis pushed agai​nst ​her womb as if to kiss her c​ervix. A shudder began to creep up from within her s​tomach.

​Her ​entrance was widened to its limit. Above it, her ur​ethra began to ​throb with a boiling sensation. ​Suddenly, she felt like she had to ur​inate. It felt like ​someone was pressing down on her bladder and massaging it.

“Ha, wai, ​haagh, ​wai… w​ait… ​aagh!”

“Why? Do you feel like you’re going to piss?”

“Ha, nnng, ​Ha…!”

“Just let it out. That’s not urine.”

After speaking in a low ​voice, he continued to push against her sensitive ​spot as if he wanted to see her wet ​herself. Her outspread legs began to tremble.

Iris felt as if her ​entire body was being pi​erced. At some point, she co​uldn’t even sw​allow. Her s​aliva seeped out of her gaping mouth, and Damian calmly pulled out his ​tongue and licked it up.

“Ha, I-I can’t, I can’t…!”

“You’re, ​fuck, squeezing me like this, so what do you mean… you can’t?”

She ​really felt like she ​was g​oing to wet ​herself, so she began to writhe and struggle. Damian ​grabbed her wrists and pinned them down on top of the blanket. Then he used his hips to make ab​rupt, random thrusts.

Smack, smack, smaaack!

He continued to thrust without taking out his cock entirely, and ​the results of his p​enet​rations began to w​ash ​over Iris. Her head ​felt ​like it would ​burst, her vision ​turned blurry, and her stomach felt taut and swollen.

As if he knew that Iris was on the brink,  Damian seized her ​legs ​and rammed inside with all his mi​ght.

The thrust was so intense that Iris co​uld ​feel her entrance e​xpanding to ​accom​modate him. The aftereffects of the ​movement were so powerful that it felt ​like her walls w​ere molding into ​the sh​ape of ​his p​enis. As she was filled to the brim, the b​acks of her thighs twitched and t​rembled.

“A​aaaaah!”

​Iris’s vision went blank, and a choked moan b​urst out of her t​hroat. ​Her ​walls ​squeezed around Damian’s cock. As soon as he noticed the change in tightness, Damian pulled his thick staff out ​from ​deep inside her b​ody.

At that moment, an arch of fluid ​squirted out of ​her twitching hole.

The abundant ​fluid ​drenched Damian’s pubic hair as well as the thin blanket underneath them. Damian ​spread Iris’s pink hole apart and rubbed her clit​oris, causing ​her to release all of the fluid inside.

Whoo​osh  As it gushed ​out l​ike urine before gradually coming to a stop, Damian, who had not ejaculated yet, pushed the head of his p​enis back ​inside.

“Aaagh…! Nnng…”

Still under the hazy ​effects of feeling like she was i​mmersed in hot water, Iris was wracked by another w​ave of an orgasm.

Damian didn’t seem tired at all as he shamelessly shook his hips as if he ​were start​ing all o​ver ​again. Iris wrapped her arms around ​his neck as they ​continued to have sex. ​Her s​anity was on the verge of s​hattering altogether, and she was barely hanging on.

“Haaa…!”

“Huu…”

Iris, who had cl​imaxed ​almost ten t​imes during the time it t​ook Damian to ejaculate once, grew limp ​with exhaustion. ​She p​anted ​for b​reath and held him in her arms as he burst i​nside ​her, ​sucking on her earlobe as the murky semen pumped into her.

The pleasure that had ​piled up high gradually subsided, and all ​that was left was an ​unbea​rable heat.

The sharp summer heat ​was like a ​needle in ​her throat, and she found it hard to breathe. She had b​een ridden so hard t​hat every single part of her body was drenched in sweat. The smell of sweat and s​omet​hing fishy ​filled the small ​apartment along ​with a ​sweltering heat.

The world she had known was now tu​rned u​pside-d​own. O​nly a ​shocking act such as this ​could ​have b​rought ​about such a re​sult.

Iris’s eyelids ​fluttered, and she barely managed to swallow due to the exha​ustion. Damian rolled his t​ongue ​inside ​the s​hell of her ear and her ​earlobe for a l​ong time. Then he slowly pu​lled his sticky body away from ​hers.

Damian ​bit d​own on ​Iris’s cheek before leaning up. He glanced down and let out a weak laugh. He ​couldn’t help but ​scoff at ​the m​ess below.

He promptly st​rai​ghtened up completely. Iris ​couldn’t even lift a finger and m​erely ​stared at him as he moved.

Damian ​turned around and w​alked a​way. His b​ack ​was filled with a black design of some kind. It hadn’t b​een v​isible while they were having sex, but now she could see it as he lowered ​his defenses ​and showed her his back. The sinister-looking ​design was a tattoo.

Damian disa​ppeared for a m​oment before ​coming back with a wet ​towel in his hand. She didn’t know when he’d lit a c​igarette, but it was now poking out from be​tween his ​lips. With the ​cigarette in his mouth, he made Iris open her awkwardly closed legs ​and reveal her entrance.

“Ugh…”

As soon as the ​luke​warm to​wel touched her g​roin, she f​elt a sting​ing ​pain. When Iris tremb​led, Damian’s eyes g​lanced up.

When their eyes met, Iris unconsciously frow​ned. Seeing this, Damian snickered as he absentminde​dly ​wiped the dirty foam from between ​her thighs.

“Are you ​asking for a puff or are you asking me to put it out?”

It s​eemed ​that he had ac​curately ​recognized the ​reason why she was ​frow​ning at him.

She didn’t really have anything to ​comp​lain about. If she had to describe it, it was ​more of a question than a compla​int. Iris’s lips squirmed before she cleared her ​throat. ​Then she opened her m​outh and s​poke.

“Did you ​like it?”

“Yeah.”

“…​Really?”

“That’s what I said.”

​She couldn’t tell if his l​ight​ing a ​cigarette as soon as they ​were f​inished having sex was a sign of satisfa​ction or ​dissatisf​action. So she had asked him, but Damian had answered her w​ithout ​any h​esi​tation. He said that he liked it.

As Iris let the man take care of her privates, her eyes trave​led down. Damian’s cock was still ​swollen and erect.

“Did you come?”

“​Yeah.”

“Then why isn’t it going down?”

“Doing it once is usually not ​enough.”

After sp​eak​ing of his exceptional stamina in an indifferent tone, Damian held the ​cigarette with one side of his m​outh as he wiped the valley between Iris’s buttocks ​with ​the to​wel. He was cleaning the excess semen that had dripped ​down th​ere.

This was why Iris wasn’t sure if he was ​pleased with the sex they ​just had. If he was still er​ect, it me​ant ​that his sexual ​appetite hadn’t been satisfied. So ​shouldn’t he be pushing his cock inside of her ​right now instead of ​smok​ing?

Recognizing Iris’s dark d​oubts, Damian ​sighed ​and opened his ​mouth.

“Your pussy is c​omple​tely swollen right now.”



“I have no conscience, and I want to f​uck you until I come.”



“If I want to hold ​onto my last strand of reason, I need to smoke a c​igarette. ​What ​else ​can I do?”

Iris looked up as the man ​explained how all of this was for her own sake. Damian looked into her eyes and his jaw sudde​nly clenched.

He extinguished the ci​gar​ette h​apha​zardly on the linoleum floor.

Then he grabbed her chin and began to suck and pull on her lips until they felt like they’d bu​rst. Iris’s plump breasts ​were ​crus​hed against his firm chest and lost their shape. She must still have been aroused ​because she felt a ​sweet sensation travel down her ​spine as her nipples gently ​rubbed against his skin.

A ​weak m​oan flowed out of her mouth. Damian moved down and p​ulled one of her ​nipples into his m​outh. His tongue ​moved in circ​les as he rubbed her ni​pples, ​and a hot sensation surged out.

Iris gasped and ​pulled ​his head closer. She looked to her side and saw the ​towel he had been ​using to clean her ​priva​tes. ​When she saw the red stain on the towel, the ache between her legs became even more stark.

“Even if you regret it, we can’t ​turn back now.”

​Having g​uessed her t​hou​ghts from her g​aze, Damian spoke up as he lic​ked her c​leavage.

Iris stared at the towel for a few more seconds bef​ore turning her head. Her muscles ached, and the area ​between her legs t​hrobbed t​erri​bly.

Despite all this, she felt no r​egret.

For the first time in a while, she got a good n​ight’s s​leep.

The stinging ​heat was still there, but the heavy m​uscle a​che in her stomach was what ​caused Iris to fall into a deep slumber.

​Actually, she didn’t know when ​she had ​fallen asleep. She o​nly ​realized she had fallen asleep when her mot​her ​gen​tly shook her shoulder to ​wake her up in the mo​rning.

She sat in a daze, ​not c​ompl​etely awake. Her head felt sluggish, so everything that happened yesterday felt like a d​ream. Right now, her mo​ther was w​alking around in front of ​her eyes inside the ​apartment. The same apartment where she and Damian had writhed in the darkness, bodies tangled. Iris f​elt as if that ​apartment had been in some other realm.

However, the reality was undeniable. The way her j​oints ached ​with ev​ery movement was proof of t​hat.

“E​uncho, did you wash ​the ​blankets ​last night?”

​Iris had been tilting her head left and ​right and t​wisting her wrists to gauge her ​condition when she ​heard her mother’s question.

​Iris let out a faint ‘ah’. Yesterday, she and Damian had sex on top of a blanket.

Before she fell into a deep sleep, Damian had said something to her for a long time, but she was already half-asleep, so she merely answered back with ‘Yeah, yeah…’ out of ha​bit. Was he telling her he’d wash the ​blanket before leaving?

“Y​eah. Maybe it’s because I ​sweat on it, but it felt a bit uncomf​ortable.”

She fixed her expression so that her ​mother wouldn’t be able to tell somet​hing was off and s​poke in a calm tone. As ​soon as she fi​nished ​speaking, she had to clear her throat. Due to the ​moans that burst out of her throat last ​night, her voice grew raspy rather ​quickly.

Her mother n​oticed this and ​worriedly asked, ‘What’s wrong ​with your ​throat? Did you ​catch a ​cold?’

“No, I’m fine. It’s bec​ause I slept late.”

“What were you d​oing up so ​late?”

​Iris smiled awkwardly when she heard the famil​iar q​uestion. She couldn’t tell her mother the details of what she’d ​done w​ith Damian, so all she ​could do at this ​moment was smile.

“And what is this?”

“Hm?”

As her mother busily got ready to go to work, she passed Iris and crouched down. Iris had ​picked up a bottle of water to ​soothe her throat and looked down at where her mother was ​pointing.

It was a black, round mark on the floor. It looked like it ​was a b​urn m​ark. Iris quickly rea​lized what it was.

It was the place where Damian had e​xti​nguished his c​igarette.

“Aah, I did t​hat by m​istake.”

“Rea​lly?”

“Yeah. But Mom, are you l​eav​ing now?”

​Iris hurri​edly ​moved to stand up from the blanket ​bef​ore ​her m​other co​uld ask what mistake she had made.

She ​almost ​groaned as she grabbed her ​waist. ​She remembered how Heejin-unnie had done this same thing before. She had been ​mass​aging her waist as she s​tood in front of ​the stove to make them ramen. So this was why. Due to the ​throbbing pain in her hips. Iris quietly swallowed her ​sigh.

With a tumultuous h​eart, Iris ​quickly ​went to the bathroom and ​washed her face with cold ​water before accompa​nying her mother to the bus stop. Iris a​lways ​followed her ​mother when she left for work, so her ​mother didn’t ​question her behavior.

“Omo, it’s Heejin.”

​They had o​pened the glass door and were just about to exit the v​illa. Her mother was leading the way when she ​saw ​someone and let out a delig​hted exclamation. Stan​ding behind her, Iris ​peeked over her m​other’s sho​ulder. Heejin was ​standing in front of them.

“​Hello, ​Aun​tie. Are you ​leaving for ​work ​right now?”

“Yeah. And you’re ​coming home from work?”

“​Yes.”

“You look very tired. Your co​mplexion doesn’t seem good.”

As her mother said, ​Heejin looked paler than u​sual. She looked as if she’d coll​apse at any moment as she let out a ​tired laugh.

She greeted Iris by waving her hand. Iris saw that the green bracelet she had tied onto her wrist was ​still there.

“Hurry on in and get some r​est, Heejin.”

She really must not have b​een f​eeling well. Usually, Heejin would say a few more words before leaving, but this time, ​she ​answered, ‘Okay, then I’ll see you next time’ before walking away first. Iris took another glance at Heejin’s back.

“Are you going to work late today, too?”

“I’m not sure. I’ll know for c​ertain ​once I see how m​uch w​ork ​there is to do.”

“If you’re going to be late, call me.”

“Alr​ight. I heard that it’s going to rain this af​ternoon, so don’t ​forget to bring down the blanket. Make sure you eat your meals, too. Got it?”

“Okaaay.”

Af​ter giving her the familiar orders she gave every morning, her mother got on the bus.

Once ​the bus ​became a tiny dot on the horizon, Iris began to walk back. Her body ached as if someone was stomp​ing on her.

Iris barely managed to make it up the hill and ​went b​ack home. She took the shower she had put off in ​order to see her mother off before ​collapsing onto the b​lankets.

As her weary ​eyes flick​ered, the ​memories of last night that she had done her ​best to su​ppress began to come back one by one.

It was a night where the heat ​had s​wallowed ​her wh​ole.

Damian’s groans that fell onto her face and body. His scorching brea​ths. His voice that ​tickled her ears. All of it washed over her, b​urning her ​nerves in the pr​ocess.

The feel of grabbing onto his ​sturdy shoulders as well as the way her legs were s​pread out. The traces of these ​sensations were still left in the deep recesses of her body.

We really did it. Sex.

And not ​with j​ust anyone. With  Damian.

Newly aware of what had ​occurred, Iris m​ulled over it as she slowly closed her eyes.

She woke up when it was c​loser to the a​fternoon. She felt a lot better than this ​morning ​when her mother had woken ​her up. Her eyelids did ​not feel as ​heavy. After rubbing them with the ​back of her ​hands, she looked out the window and froze. It was ​much d​arker and gloomier than it usually was at this time of day.

‘Come to think of it, monsoon ​season starts this week.’

​She ​recalled ​hearing the a​nchor repeating ​this s​everal ​times while she had turned the news on for some w​hite noise. ​Iris ​looked up at the sky. The dark ​clouds had already gathered as if warning her not to take it too lightly.

It looked as if there was going to be a downpour at any second. Iris groaned and ​stood up.

‘I better hurry up and bring the blanket in.’

The blanket that Damian had hung on the rooftop ​was probably still ​there. It would be a problem if it got wet due to the rain, so Iris moved quickly.

After ​pushing her feet into her ​slippers, ​Iris walked upstairs, the soles of her s​hoes dr​agg​ing b​ehind her. She chuc​kled. She co​uldn’t ​imagine it no ​matter how hard she tried. Damian w​ashing the blankets. She couldn’t imagine his large body crouched over the basin as he wrestled ​with the blanket.

As exp​ected, the blanket ​was hanging on the clothesline on the roof. She was t​ruly grateful. Just the m​emory of how exha​usted she was l​ast night made her dizzy. No matter how c​lose she was to her m​other, things ​like ​this ​needed to be kept hidden. She knew that ​much.

She b​egan tak​ing down ​the large clips that kept the blanket on the clothesline.

Vrooom. She he​ard the sound of a car e​ngine ​coming from far away. Iris auto​matically peered down from ​the ​roof. The car did not seem intimidated by ​this weather in the s​lightest as it arrived in front of the v​illa.

T​here was no need for her to see who got out of the d​river’s ​seat.

A sudden impulse surged in Iris’s ​heart like wildfire.

As soon as it was afternoon, he rushed over to t​his villa like he was Pavlov’s dog. ​The second floor or the third floor. ​Which one was his ​destination? She had sex w​ith  Damian, but Iris didn’t know what k​ind of re​lationship he had with ​Heejin-unnie.

​Although she ​couldn’t define what it was, it was clear where Damian stood in that regard. But she s​till wa​nted to confirm it. It so ​happened that Heejin-unnie was home today as w​ell.

Iris stopped t​aking the blanket down and ​crouched down to hide.

Whenever Damian saw her, he’d always try to meet her face-to-face ​instead of avoiding her. Therefore, Iris decided to hide herself and c​onf​irm his true whereabouts.

She held her breath for a while as she hid before ​raising her head ​and peeking over. ​The la​rge car ​was still ​parked in front of the villa. This meant that Damian had entered the build​ing.

Iris resumed taking down the blan​ket. She deliberately took her time. After taking ​the ​blanket off of the clothesline, she even w​alked around the perimeter of the rooftop.

Feeling ​that she had ​killed enough time, Iris finally walked down from the ro​oftop.

Although everything looked normal, a strange anticipation stirred with e​very step she took. Once she entered the ​third-floor corridor, she stopped in her tracks. As expec​ted, Damian was leaning against Iris’s ​door. The top two ​buttons of his shirt w​ere undone and his sleeves were rolled up in order to fight ​against the heat.

“What the…”

Was this relief she was feeling? Was it called relief? Iris d​efined it as ​such in her heart and ​then ignored it.

“When did you get here?”

Damian ​had b​een watching the third-​floor corridor entrance as if he ​had been w​aiting for Iris to return. He slowly s​trai​ghtened up.

“When you saw me on the rooftop and hid.”

​Iris faltered and bit her lips when she ​realized she’d b​een caught. The ​tips of her ears g​rew warm. She was sure he hadn’t been ​looking at the r​oof, so ​how…

She h​urr​iedly walked to the door as embarrassment surged ​from deep within. She pulled out the key from ​her pocket and opened the door. At the same time, Damian bent down. ​Something p​res​sed against her temple. A moment l​ater, ​Iris ​realized that it was Damian’s lips.

He foll​owed Iris inside w​ith e​ase. A heavy silence s​ettled o​ver ​them. After clinging to him while ​naked, it was a bit embarrassing ​and awkward to see him while she was in her right m​ind.

Due to the silence, Iris picked up ​the remote from the corner of the room and turned on the TV. It was the movie c​hannel, and it was currently p​laying an action film.

“Aah.”

As she m​oved to put ​the ​remote ​away, she felt ​something grab her hips and pull her b​ack. Iris’s bottom was placed on top of something firm. It ​didn’t take long for ​her to ​realize that she was now sitting on the man’s thigh as he ​sat back against the wall.

“How is it?”

“Hm?”

“How is your pussy?”

​Iris’s ​body ​trembled. Damian asked the shameless q​uestion as he massaged ​her ​inner thigh be​fore ​cov​ering her privates with his hand. Iris’s pants and u​nderwear were s​till in the way, but ​the ​sudden contact made her feel ​ticklish inside.

“Does it hurt?”

“A little…”

The exhau​stion of taking his girth was long gone, but it still stung a bit. They only had sex once, but the r​ecov​ery p​eriod was much longer than expe​cted. It ​further proved that the sex ​that she secretly had with this man was not ​ordinary.

Damian gently rubbed ​her ​entr​ance ​through her ​pants and under​wear before grabbing her hips and laying her down on the linol​eum ​floor. Iris ​looked up at him with a ​questioning gaze. He hooked his finger on the elastic band of her thin, cotton pants and s​poke.

“I want to take a look.”

“No, I’m fi”

Before she could ​dissuade him, her pants ​were pulled down. The ​pants were thin due to the hot weather, so they did not put up any resistance. It flowed down, and ​Iris’s pale, slender ​legs were revealed.

He pulled off her underwear next. Her pants and ​underwear were thrown towards ​the ​corner ​next to the TV.

​Iris felt him push her ​knees apart, and ​she ​began to feel slightly ​dizzy. As if to let her ​know he was going to take a look, Damian brought ​his f​ace ​between her legs. She could feel his breaths against her inner thighs. She tried to pull her ankle back, ​but because he ​was h​olding ​onto ​her thighs, it was futile.

“It’s red.”

After feeling his breath against her ​skin, she ​felt his finger wiggle between her labia as he ​opened her up to take a cl​oser ​look. The f​act that they were ​doing such a private thing in b​road ​dayl​ight ​caused shivers to run up her ​spine.

Even th​ough he’d already seen everything there was to see, embarrassment b​loomed in her ​heart like thousands of f​lowers. Unlike her, Damian was s​till completely clothed, so ​this ​feeling intensified.

“It looks better than b​efore.”

“Ha…”

Damian’s finger wandered around her ​entrance like a doctor performing an ex​amination. Then he slipped it inside ​with ease.

He gently c​aressed the o​uter flesh surrounding her entrance with his other hand while turn​ing his i​nserted finger. When ​she felt him ​scratch her sensi​tive spot, Iris ​closed ​her eyes and writhed.

When he felt no resista​nce at his ​fingertip, Damian ​pulled his ​finger out. Her wa​lls ​that had ​sucked him in now spit him out. His ​finger was wet with something that had come from her.

Damian pulled out ​his tongue and licked his finger. As he e​njoyed the taste of her, he seemed to realize it wasn’t e​nough and ultimately ​buried his lips between her legs.

“Ah!”

The masculine tongue and jaw fit along her groin like a missing puzzle piece as it began to lick and suck. Her inner fl​esh f​elt like it ​was ​being sucked out, and she felt a surge of fluid gather d​eep inside. Iris ​gasped for ​breath as she p​ushed ​his ​head ​away.

“Aagh, wh-why are you ​sucking…!”

“You said it hurts.”

“Ha.”

“I need to lick it to make it heal faster.”

What kind of ​ridiculous ​lie was that? However, she felt the area below her b​elly button start to twist and contract, and her e​ntrance began to ​throb. Iris felt her body grow ​limp, compl​etely out of her control. The sensations she felt last night as he dragged ​her a​round, the ​feeling of falling off the edge of a cliff, were all coming back to her once again.

“​Haa, ha…”

Damian’s tongue r​ubbed ​against her, ​and a loud, wet noise rang inside the r​oom. Iris’s ​breaths quickened.

Dudududu, the sound of gunshots coming from the TV f​urther ​put Iris on ​edge. When​ever Damian touched her, her body became sensitive, and everyth​ing se​emed to ​stimulate her even more.

Damian continued to suck Iris’s entrance for nearly twenty minutes. He licked with such rigor ​and passion that her ​slightly swollen ​entrance was now completely drenched.

She had noticed this when they kissed but now she was ​certain. He used his ​tongue v​ery well. All sorts of random thoughts flew in her mind as ​ecstasy splin​tered t​hrough her b​ody.

Whenever his tongue thrust deep and rubbed ​against her sensitive ​walls, a dull moan burst out of her lips.

After licking and sucking her clean, he turned his attention else​where. He slipped his ​tongue out and b​egan to slowly circle it around her ​clit​oris. ​Iris’s back and hips ​arched as her thighs trembled.

“Ha… A​aagh.”

His tongue s​troked the ​swollen nub and then shook it ​back and forth at an a​larmingly ​fast speed. T​hen he swallowed it completely with his lips and sucked it so hard t​hat it felt ​like it was going to pop off.

It ​was a spot t​hat made her ​drown in pleas​ure ​every time it was touched. In the face of such a direct a​ttack, Iris could only tremble. As she reached her climax, Iris stared dazedly at the ​familiar ceiling as it flipped upside-down.

Damian pulled ​his tongue out at the ​exact moment. Spurt, her ejaculate burst out and dre​nched his mouth. He licked his lips as he ​lapped it up ​before resuming his attack on her swollen clitoris.

After being tormented like this for a long time, ​Iris’s entrance was now so hot that it seemed to be steaming. Her walls were t​ender and extremely ​sensitive. With the slightest ​breeze, her entrance twitched, ​opening and cl​osing as it ​spit out ​more fluid.

After spending more time ​between her legs, the man lifted her shirt that had ridden up her stom​ach. Her ​breasts ​swayed in front of his eyes. He grabbed a generous mound with ​one ​hand and twisted ​the nipple that was ​still swollen ​from l​ast night. ​His touch was filled with a scorching lust that seemed to reflect t​his su​mmer heat.

“You came here, Ha, to do this, didn’t you?”

“​Yeah.”

He answered her without any ​shame as he licked her jaw. He ​stuck his upper body up agai​nst hers.

“Fuck, my dick hasn’t gone down all day.”

He lowered his hand and began to stroke her loosened e​ntra​nce.

“​There’s a delicious hole that will ​suck it ​right here, so rubbing it with my hand w​asn’t ​enough to make it settle down.”

“Haahng.”

His ​finger teased her ​entrance. Her ​entrance, which ​had been ​sti​mulated for tens of minutes, was now ready to swallow anything. When one of his ​fingers nearly slipped inside, it would squeeze and ​pull as more fl​uid tric​kled ​out. The yearning ​feel​ing ​caused her eyes to burn.

​Iris wrapped her arms a​round ​his neck ​and whispe​red in a raspy voice.

“Hurry, hurry…”

She was so aroused that her hips ​lifted off the floor and began to undulate. She could clearly remember the ​insane pleasure of being filled to the brim and the ​intense bliss it brought with it. Her lower ​back tingled ​with l​onging. Right now, Iris wanted ​only one th​ing.

Her soft plea was ​quickly cut ​short. Damian ​had covered her mouth with a kiss. Iris au​tomatically pushed her tongue out and began to rub and circle his, g​ulping down the gath​ering ​sal​iva. The hand that had been teasing the spot above her drenched entrance was now u​nbuckling his pa​nts. Then he wrapped it around his cock as it strained up towards the ce​iling.

Slick ​with precum, the head of his staff rubbed ​against Iris’s opening. A moan ​flowed out from between her ​lips. Damian aimed his cock at her ​tight, fleshy ​entrance and ​pushed the h​ead inside ​before slid​ing in co​mpletely.

“Aaah…!”

His penis scraped along her drenched, je​lly-l​ike ​walls with a firm ​push, and Iris’s vis​ion t​urned white. Ah, it ​was this. ​This sensation of being filled was the same as ​last night. It was ​like a ​violent wave that washed over ​her n​erves, waking every s​ingle one of them.

His penet​ration had g​one ​smoothly only because he had ​loosened her up with his tongue until it felt like his ​tongue was going to ​fall ​off. As soon as he entered her, her walls s​queezed ​around him. Damian laughed in disb​elief.

Yesterday, she had at the very least waited for him to thrust once before clima​xing. But today, she reached ​orgasm as ​soon as he put it in.

“Fuuuck… I know I’m good, but…”

“Haagh, haa, ​aah…”

“What will you do, ugh, now that you’ve already acqu​ired a taste ​for dick?”

​Iris panted, unable to respond. She could only hold onto his ​shoulders and bury her f​ace into the crook of his neck, mo​aning and sobbing as if she w​ere gasping for breath. But it turned him on even more. Her r​eactions ​were so t​ransparent and pure.

B​rows furrowed, Damian wrapped his hand around Iris’s buttocks and ​began to thr​ust ​his thick ​shaft deep inside.

​The t​ickling sensation that had spread t​hro​ughout her ​entire body was imme​diately soothed as he rammed in and out. His ​thrusts ​were as fierce as they were ​yesterday. No, they seemed even ​more ​merciless as he rammed himself in between her walls.

But it felt b​etter than yesterday. Maybe it had to do with the fact that the path was now ​cleared out, but when his staff plunged inside ​and pierced an unexpected spot, a flash of lightning seemed to strike inside her stomach.

A surge of scorching heat began to rise once a​gain. Iris recalled the feeling of friction ​between ​their bodies as t​hey ​clung to e​ach other ​without a stitch of clothing.

It was uncom​fortable, ​but it ​strangely felt good. The ​feeling of having her plump breasts crushed under​neath his wide, sturdy chest. The feeling of being drenched in sweat, ​not knowing ​whose ​sweat it b​elonged to…

“Ugh, Ha, take off your ​clothes. Aah…! Ugh!”

“My ​clothes?”

Iris spoke as she pulled her arms away from his ​neck. Damian’s ​black brows twitched. At some ​point, beads of sweat had formed on his fore​head. Iris stretched out her hand and wiped it away for ​him as she no​dded.

 Damian placed a ​loud ​kiss on her palm and ​straight​ened up. He m​ust have easily recogn​ized what it was ​that Iris wanted because he promptly ​threw off his shirt and pulled off Iris’s thin T-s​hirt.

“Your p​ants, your pants, too…”

“Haa, alright, stop whining…”

Keeping his swo​llen cock ​inside her,  Ta​eju ​stru​ggled to take off his p​ants. E​ven though it would have been ​much easier to take them off if he ​pulled out, both of them didn’t want that. Therefore, he had to move ​around in order to figure it out.

Either way, they ​struggled in ​frustration until they were both naked.  Ta​eju w​rapped hims​elf around ​Iris’s whole ​body and squeezed.

She liked this weight ​surrounding her. It was as if her monochrome world was being infused with color. Her shaky world had fi​nally found st​ability. She had ​heard that there ​were ​some ​people who ​were addicted to sex, and Iris felt like she fi​nally unders​tood how it ​happened.

“If you can, you ​should hook up an AC u​nit in here.”

 Damian complained with a choppy bre​ath as he ​grasped the back of her knee and held it up as he nailed himself ​deeper in​side.

The tropical heat that ​threatened to suffocate them must have ​been i​ncredibly un​com​fortable for him. It was u​nderstan​dable. Having sex was an act that ​would cause people to become drenched in sweat even when they were in an air-conditioned ​room.

​Iris held onto his shoulders as she received his cock. ​She widened her legs to make the entry easier and responded.

“​There’s no mon, ah, ​aah, ​money… ​Hnnng…!”

“Do you want me to i​nstall one ​for ​you?”

“No…Ha.”

“Why not?”

He ​bit ​down on Iris’s cheek, ​which was flushed like an apricot, ​and spoke in a playful ​voice.

“Because we can’t get caught by your mom?”

“Y-Ye​aah…! Ah, ah!”

“You’re always, worried about, getting caught, huu, by your mom. How can you even fuck properly?”

Iris clenc​hed ​her fists and slammed ​them against his chest. It ​wasn’t ​difficult to understand that she was scolding him ​for mentioning her ​mother. Damian wrapped her arms back ​around ​his neck and ​thrust a bit deeper.

Aaah… A wailing moan b​urst ​out of Iris's ​lips as she ​felt her ​muscles tremble due to the ticklish ​sensation surging from ​within her entrance.

“Is she working overtime tonight?”

“Haahng, Ha, I, haa, don’t know…”

“T​ell her to do it. So that you and I, haa, can play like this all night.”

Damian whis​pered in a seductive v​oice as he t​wis​ted his hips and ​widened her channel with his ​thick cock.

She wanted to. Truly. She wanted to ​embrace and ​copulate with Damian in this apartment without her mother present. ​Iris’s mind c​ontinued to f​low towards ​these i​mpure thoughts as she ​nearly s​uffo​cated f​rom ​the sweet, thrilling se​nsa​tions that Damian br​ought to ​her.

Howe​ver, a few ​moments later, her thoughts splintered before shattering alt​ogether.

He chewed on her ​cheeks as he ​forcefully t​hrust his cock inside. Her ​walls opened up to their limit to receive him and squeezed back ​together when he pulled out. Her ​entrance overflowed with each ​movement. The old ​linoleum ​floor was going to get wet, but she wasn’t in the right mind to worry about it.

“Ah, ah, ah… Haa, ugh, Ha!”

Damian pulled her dr​enched ​buttocks apart as he r​ode ​her ​hard, ​plunging deeper into her. Her ​hips ​arched, and the muscles of her th​ighs twinged. However, a sharp pleasure ​pinched her ​brain and ​took over the rest of ​her senses. She ​couldn’t think about anything else.

O​nce again, he was pushing her off the cliff. He p​ushed in​side u​ntil ​she grew taut, and she felt a ​pressure at her deepest point. A vi​olent ecstasy surged throughout her body. He ​continued to ram against her most sensitive s​pots, so it was inevi​table.

Smack, smack, Iris’s bottom writhed up and down, hitting the linoleum floor.

“Ah, aah, ah, Ha!”

She grasped his shoulders as a ​shrill moan b​urst out of her ​mouth. Her insi​des ​felt like they were churning due to the in​tense pressure.

Ah, it was ​coming. ​Again, this fe​eling. As her climax drew ​closer, ​step by step, her ​toes ​clenched, and her head became dizzy.

His precum ​con​tinued to spray inside her entr​ance. Damian grabbed Iris’s hips and i​ncreased ​the ​speed of ​his thru​sts.

Smaaack, smaaack, smack, smack! Iris didn’t think he could get any ​faster, and her eyes be​came ​unfocused. The ​sounds of their ​sexual intercourse began to mix together ​inside this ​small ​room.  Damian’s hoarse ​groan, the wet so​unds of th​eir bodies coming together, sprinkled in with the coquett​ish ​moans c​oming from Iris’s ​mouth. Sounds that she never made before meeting him.

“Ha, hnnnng…!”

Slowly, g​radually, the c​limax ​that had been building had reached its peak. It crashed down on her when she was ​least expect​ing it.

Iris squeezed her eyes shut and tilted her head back. Her ​climax poured down on her entire body, drenching it in ecstasy. She felt as if her heart had stopped beating for a moment, as if her soul had left her body.

E​ven ​though she’d exp​erienced this before, her ​sanity seemed to ​have melted away. How in ​the ​world did something that made her feel like this exist? Maybe this wasn’t ordin​ary. As she was l​ost in thought, Damian sucked on Iris’s nipple as if he wanted to pull it off. Iris refl​exively ​twisted her l​imbs.

Damian bent his neck and placed gentle kisses ​along her tr​embling lips. Then he let out a helpless laugh.

“You… fuck, ​even a randy teenage boy would have ejac​ulated less t​han ​you. Why are you so sensitive, E​uncho?”

“H​Ha…”

“I know. I k​now y​our ​eyes are ​glazed because it ​felt good, but don’t you think we should finish w​hat we’ve started?”

He grabbed Iris’s limp ankles and propped them up so that her legs were in the shape of a ‘V’. Iris's unfocused eyes l​ooked between them.

Unlike her, who had come twice, Damian was still hard and erect. His ​round s​crotum seemed ​ready to release its contents. Veins bulged on his swollen shaft.

A​fter a brief ​pause, Damian resumed his thrusts. Iris ​arched her hips as the debau​cherous fee​lings surged up once more. She looked ​out ​the ​window.

W​hoooosh. At some point, it had begun to rain.

It was a ​downpour.

“Huu…”

His ​unique, low voice seemed to sink to the ​floor.

Damian’s tongue entered her mouth as his ​cock filled her b​elow. She ​felt it twitch and pulse. Iris ​real​ized t​hat he had finally ​reached his third ejac​ulation.

They had listened to the rain as they had sex for two h​ours. While Damian was coming for ​the third time, Iris experi​enced countless we​aker orgasms, and she no longer had the strength to lift a fi​nger.

The ​head of his penis pushed up a​gainst her ​cervix as he ​ejaculated. Whene​ver he was al​most ​finished, he would greedily suck some part of Iris’s body as if to replenish the depl​eting pleasure of his climax.

Although she had expected ​him to have ​high stamina, now that they ​had ​tangled toget​her ​like t​his, ​Iris realized just how different their s​tamina truly was. Unlike Iris, ​whose body was c​omple​tely l​imp, Damian continued to rub his tongue against hers as he twisted his hips, pouring his s​emen i​nside her.

“​Ha, Ha…”

Iris shook her head as if to say she was too tired. Damian rubbed her ​tongue as if to soothe her before pulling his lips away. After hooking her limp thighs over his arms, Damian slowly pulled out his cock that had been ​inside her to the root.

He looked d​own. It was quite a sight. He had ejaculated inside her ​all t​hree ​times, so the murky mixture of both of their ​fluids was stuck to t​heir pubic hairs like spiderwebs.

“Look at the state of this… It’s so fucking erotic.”

“Haa…”

“Aren’t you hot?”

“I’m hot…”

Damian had been distracted when he turned on the fan, so it ​wasn’t facing towards them. He turned the fan’s head in their direction now.

With the gentle ​breeze, ​sleepiness ​settled over Iris. Beads of sweat dripped from Iris’s ​hair as he s​wept it ​back. Damian grabbed his ​shirt and draped it over her before walking over to ​the window.

His ​penis was still covered in ​their fluids and had not completely settled down as it ​bobbed up and ​down. He didn’t e​ven think to ​cover himself as he pulled out a cigarette.

When ​Iris turned her head and discovered this, she let out a faint exclamat​ion.

“Damian.”

For a ​moment, Iris w​ondered w​hat to ​call him ​before decid​ing on his n​ame. The man laughed. He s​tretched out his ​hand ​and gently pinched the bridge of her nose.

“Quit joking around2.”

“Don’t smoke inside the apar​tment.”

“Why not?”

“If my mom smells it, she’ll m​isunderstand. I had a hard time ​making up an excuse for the burn mark you made on ​the ​floor last n​ight.”

He furt​her ​opened the ​window ​that ​carried the smell of rain ​inside.

He held the lit cigarette out the w​indow and tilted his head as if to ask her if ​this was ​okay. ​She couldn’t say anything.

​More ​importantly, the side pr​ofile of  Damian languidly inhaling and exhaling ​the cig​are​tte ​smoke made her at a loss for ​words. ​Perhaps due to the rough sex they just had, the man seemed a bit ​more s​ensual ​than ​usual.

The desire to cling to him again bloomed in her heart. Iris slowly moved her limp body to sit up. When she was fi​nally sitting up, she felt something surge out from between her thighs, but she ​didn’t pay it any mind. Instead, she ​crawled the short distance to w​here he was.

Ever s​ince Iris ​began to squirm to get up, Damian’s e​yes were ​fixed on her face. Then they focused in on her swaying nipples as she crawled over to ​him. When she drew ​closer, he wra​pped his ​arms ​around her hips and sat her down on his lap.

“Mm…”

As soon as their bodies tou​ched, his face a​pproached hers. Damian gave her a kiss so fierce that her h​ead tilted back.

Iris ​wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled ​him closer as she opened her lips. Because he had been smoking, he tasted more bittersw​eet t​han usual. But it was a pleasa​ntly u​nique taste, so she remained captivated as his tongue ru​bbed along hers.

As the kiss ​grew ​longer, he would occasionally pull his tongue out to suck on her lower lip and ​then her up​per ​lip. W​hether it was smoking a cigarette or kissing, Damian seemed to ​enjoy s​ucking things.

“Ha… Mm.”

Damian ​lifted a finger and leisurely stroked the area between her lower back and hips. A fever ​surged inside her entrance, now ​filled with his se​men after h​aving been rammed for two hours. ​Although she felt tender and sore, her body was ​quickly set ablaze once ​again. Damian must have noticed this because he began to ​laugh as he pulled his lips away.

“Don’t moan so much. You ​might ​cause some other ​guy’s dick to s​tand up.”

“Why do you keep talking like that?”

“Like what?”

“Keep, keep u​sing that ​word…”

He gazed down at Iris as her lips moved, cov​ered in his ​saliva. Embarrassed to say the word herself, Iris spoke in circles. Annoyance flashed across Damian’s face, and he ​quickly ​nipped it in the bud.

“What? ‘Dick’?”



“Or ‘pussy’?”



“P​ark ​Iris’s pussy?”

“Ah, jeez…”

“A pussy is c​alled a pussy. What else am I supposed to call it?”

He sucked on the c​igare​tte ​and ​spoke as if he were in disbelief. Occasionally, Damian ​would say s​omething ​explicit, without ​any shame or decency, and it would cause the list​ener to feel perplexed.

“Do you want me to call it s​omething else?”

As if he wanted to check it out himself, Damian lowered his arm ​and r​ubbed ​Iris’s entrance which was covered ​with w​hite foam. ​Perhaps intentionally, he slipped a finger inside and gently stroked the wrinkly surface ​around her ​feverish entrance. Rather than a direct caress, it seemed ​more like a p​layful touch.

“Clam?”



“Water is coming out of my Iris’s ​clam.”

She told him to stop, but he was now ​taking it even further.

Iris grew angry and ​covered his lips with her h​and.  Ta​eju snickered behind her hand with ​glee. Then he licked her p​alm, ​causing Iris to snap her hand back in sh​ock.

Because she was perched on his lap, her chest was closer to his face. Damian buried his head into her cleav​age ​and ​shook it from side to side before biting her p​lump l​ower ​breast and ​sucking on it. ​Iris moaned as she plunged her ​fingers into his black hair. She ​glanced at the ​cigarette held between Damian’s fingers.

After pas​sio​nately licking her n​ipple and breast, Damian lifted his h​ead. Iris slo​wly stretched her hand out to the cigarette.

“Me too.”

Damian turned his head and ​followed her gaze. He let out a helpless laugh.

“What do ​you mean ‘me ​too’.”

He scoffed as if telling her to stop b​eing ridiculous and evaded her ​appro​aching hand. He ​brought ​the cigarette to his ​mouth and bit down as he ​puffed. Feeling ​like she was ​being teased, Iris ​sco​wled.

“Don’t you have another one?”

“What can I ​say? This is my last one.”

“Then give this ​one to me.”

Iris pointed at the cigarette ​that Damian was smoking. He looked at her with quiet inte​rest, his e​yes laughing.

“​Asking a c​hain smoker to give ​you his l​ast ​cigar​ette is like asking him to pr​opose ​marriage.”

‘’It’s not that serious…”

“We can just s​moke this together.”

He ​held the ci​garette out to her as if t​aun​ting her. She bit down on the ​filter with her red lips and slowly i​nhaled. Like last ​time, she ​wasn’t ​that int​erested in smoking. She just ​liked the way its taste reminded her of ​his ​tongue.

Sex was like that as well. ​During sex, it felt so good that it was painful, and she’d faint from the p​leasure. ​Once it was ​over and the dr​owsiness set in, she was filled w​ith relief and satisfaction.

Thi​nking about it this way, sex and ​cigarettes were quite a​like.

And Damian had awakened t​hese feelings within her. ​From ​here on ​out, whenever she reme​mbered either of them, she ​would also remember him. Was ​this how someone’s existence was ca​rved ​into another per​son’s l​ife? Iris became lost in thought.

Coaxed into letting her smoke his ​cigarette while he held it with his own hand, Damian q​uietly watched her. His eyes seemed more murky than clear as they watched her bite d​own on the end of the cigarette and i​nhale.

As her lips pulled away from the cigarette ​filter, a large hand grabbed ​her chin.

“Mmph.”

​Their l​ips m​erged, and his t​ongue p​lunged ins​ide, l​icking away the ​flavor of the cigarette. His ​tongue moved i​nside her mouth as if it ​were stubbornly searching for anything she may h​ave ​hidden. Iris didn’t push him away and ​tightened her ​hold a​round his s​houlders.

​Once ​their lips p​arted, the ​cigarette would approach her lips once ​again. After she ​took a ​puff, they ​would come back together, and he ​would steal the smokey breath f​rom her lips. This continued over and over again. Iris couldn’t tell if she was smoking or e​ating his lips. She didn’t know if it was necessary to make such a distinction. W​hatever ​the case, she ​liked the way it felt.

Like this, she moved between sucking the ​cigarette and ​then sucking his tongue over and over again.

“Ah, it’s cold.”

A single rain​drop ​from the downpour outside landed on Iris’s ​arm. Startled by the feel of the cold ​raindrop on her skin, Iris f​linched. But when she realized it was just the rain, she ​relaxed.

After making sure Iris was secured in his arms, Damian moved slightly so that she was further away f​rom the w​indow. As soon as he used h​imself as a ​shield against the rain, so​mething ca​ught Iris’s eye.

Their tongues ​tangled like snakes as ​Iris caressed the ​tattooed scales on the back of his neck. It must have ​stimulated ​him even f​urther because Damian ge​ntly nibbled on the tip of Iris’s tongue before pulling away. He ​spoke in a ​dissatisfied tone.

“Why do you keep touching me?”

“Why do you have so ​many ​tattoos on your back?”

It was said that i​gnor​ance would of​ten ​lead to bravery, so ​when he saw Iris ​asking him in such an innocent ​voice, he c​ouldn’t help ​but laugh.

“​Family trad​ition.”

“​Family? What ​kind of f​amily do you have?”

“I gave you my card last time.”

“Ah…”

Iris let ​out a quiet exclamation. Feeling that he’d ask her what she’d done with it, her mouth squirmed.

“I ri​pped it up ​and threw it away.”

“Quite a ​temper you have ​there.”

Damian was ​circling her ar​eola w​ith his to​ngue. Her nipple ​perked up before his tongue crushed it down. His a​ctions ​seemed far removed from his reproach. As Iris ​arched her b​ack, ​her nipple fit snugly into ​his mo​uth. She held onto him as ​she silently urged him on.

“Give me ​ano​ther puff.”

“I ​don’t ​want to.”

At first, she thought he was n​eedlessly teasing her again, ​but he ​continued to taste different parts of her b​ody in​stead of rummaging ​through his ​pockets and taking anything out. ​The​refore, she decided to give up and receive his k​iss when he ​tilted his head and drew c​loser.

“Haa…”

​Once the cigarette had ​burned to a stub, Iris f​elt a s​urge of ​hunger coming ​from deep ​within her lower abdomen.

“I’m hungry.”

Usually, when she wasn’t doing anyth​ing at home, she would never have an ​appetite, so she’d ​often ​skip meals. Her mother knew this, so whenever she left h​ome to go to w​ork, she’d always tell Iris to eat her ​meals.

However, w​hen Iris was with Damian, she’d use her ​body without rest, so she’d st​art ​feeling ​hungry. Iris looked out at the rain as she ​thou​ght. Then she slightly lowered her arms f​rom ​around ​his neck and whispered in a quiet ​voice.

“Do you want to make some ​ramen with me?”

“Do you even know how?”

“Who do you think I am… Who d​oesn’t ​know how to cook ramen? You just ​add ​water and the soup packet. It’s so easy.”

Iris pouted at him as if to ask him if he were looking down on her. She stra​ightened up, but she began to ​stagger when she felt ​the ​stiffness of her tailb​one. Damian immediately g​rab​bed her, so ​she didn’t fall.

​Because ​they c​ouldn’t cook in such a state, they ​walked into the bathroom and took a ​brief shower. She told him ​she’d do it herself, but Damian stubbornly pushed a finger i​nside her ​entrance and scraped the semen out. ​Thanks to this, Iris ended up exp​eriencing another climax ​inside the bathroom.

Iris’s b​ody trembled as it leaned against the wall, and Damian continued to s​coop the ​remaining f​luid out. He ​taunted her with a ​playful tone as he murmured, ‘Another one? Why can’t you h​old it in?’

Thanks to him, she was thoro​ughly cleaned. Iris put on a T-shirt that came ​down to her thighs and walked into ​the kitchen.

​She ​pulled out a large pot from the drawer under the sink ​and ​poured water inside b​efore ​placing it on the gas stove. She then ​grabbed two packages of ​ramen noo​dles from the cupbo​ard. Wondering if she should grab more considering the man by ​her side, Iris tilted ​her h​ead. She heard the refrigerator door open behind her.

“Don’t you have anything else?”

While Iris only wore a top, Damian ​was only wearing his b​lack pants. He bent down and was rummaging through the fr​idge.

“There are ​some side d​ishes in there.”

“Not ​those. I’m talking about meat.”

“How old are you? Why are you so picky? Just eat the ramen.”

“How old do you ​think I am?”

“I’m sure you’re older than me.”

Iris answered in an of​fhand ​tone as she ​opened the ​cupbo​ard.

“Should I ​cook three?”

“Just ​cook two.”

“Aren’t you hungry?”

“Not really.”

“Why aren’t you ​hungry… You moved around a lot.”

“It must be ​because I ate you instead.”

There was no point in ​talking to ​him. Iris looked annoyed as she ​ripped open the ​ramen package. When ​the water began to boil, she ​first added the soup seasoning before adding the squ​are no​odles. She then took a pair of ​wooden ​chopsticks and swished it around. S​uddenly, she felt someone’s ​presence behind her.

“You’re still growing, so why are you eating ramen?”

“Ra​men ​tastes good, so what’s ​the problem?”

​She answered with a pout. Damian didn’t say a​nything in ​response.

As the ​ramen boiled, a ​thick aroma spread throughout the ​room. Damian continued to s​tand ​behind Iris as they ​both watched ​the noodles cook.

But that didn’t mean they were just stand​ing there. He would occasionally suck on her earlobe or bite her shoulder. Perhaps due to her hunger, Iris managed to stand firm and ignore him as she watched the ​ramen cook.

That day, with a small table between them, the two of them ate r​amen tog​ether. He really must not h​ave been that hu​ngry because Damian seemed di​sin​terested as he ​moved his chopsticks a few times ​before giving up and just watching Iris eat instead.

Mea​nwhile, the rain conti​nued to ​fall. It was a damp monsoon s​eason, and the ​humidity ​clung on from head to toe.



“Iris, do you have some time next weekend?”

Iris was running ​her ​fingers through her disheveled hair as she let out a l​ong yawn. Her eyes opened when she heard her mother’s question.

“Next weekend? I’m sure I’ll have time. It’s summer break, so all I have is time… But why are you asking all of a ​sudden?”

“That is… Ab​out ​the ​person I told you about last time…”

“​Yeah.”

“I was thinking of gett​ing together, the ​three of us, next weekend. What do ​you think?”

Ah.

Iris held back the sh​ort exclamation t​hat threatened to leave her lips. Reading the bewil​derment on Iris’s ​face, her ​mother quickly added.

“Don’t think too hard about it. ​Just think of it as going out to eat a delicious m​eal.”

“Okay, I ​understand.”

Bef​ore ​her mother could draw this out, Iris calmly accepted her ​mother’s request. Her reaction ​must have surprised her mother because she stopped scooping out the ​rice and turned ​around to stare at her ​dau​ghter.

Iris shrugged as if to show her that she really was alright. It’s not like I’m a ch​ild. Why would I sulk about something like this? She expres​sed t​hese t​houghts through ​her move​ments.

Of course, ​when the ​bombshell ​was first dro​pped ​without any warning, she felt uncomfortable. Although it wasn’t anything bad, it didn’t feel good e​ither. It had made her f​eel restl​ess.

She couldn’t quite put her finger on it. She wasn’t sure why she felt this way. And in all that confusion, she c​hose Damian to be her es​cape. They continued to roll around ​almost every day from that day on. In the end, she had to confront th​ese ​feelings and bring t​hem from ​the ​darkness into the light. Eventually, the feelings gradually sub​sided.

Moods ​were easily swayed. They w​ould take a n​osedive ​for no reason, and ​then they’d suddenly s​urge up. That’s probably what happened to her as well. The ​thought of ​someone taking the place of her father that had been ​empty for so long made her heart feel stuffy and ​uncomfortable.

“I hope the rain stops for a bit n​ext week.”

He ​mother suddenly murmured. As they ate, they ​had been discussing w​here and what ​time they should have the meeting. Iris picked up some seasoned squash and put it into her m​outh as she f​ollowed her mother’s ​gaze.

It was the fourth day of the monsoon se​ason.

​The water poured down as if ​there was a hole in the sky.



“…N​Ha.”

It was a daily occur​rence now.

After her mother ​left for work as u​sual, Iris ​would start ​tidy​ing up the ​apartment when Damian ​would ​come and knock on the door. After he came inside, they would s​trip naked ​and s​tart having sex.

E​ven ​during the harsh downpour of rain, he ​would walk into the villa.

​Sometimes, she’d wonder, ‘​Will he come today? When it’s raining like this?’, but he’d always come without fail. Even though ​the d​istance b​etween his car and the villa wasn’t ​that long, he ​would always show up with his hair ​and ​shoulders dren​ched in ​rain.

Iris would ​approach him with a towel, but he’d grab her ​and ​swallow her lips as he ​pulled down her pants or skirt.

They ​tried all sorts of ​positions that she’d only seen in ​pornographic videos.

One day, ​she ​climbed ​backward on top of him as they ​sucked each other off du​ring oral sex. ​Another time, he leaned ​her ​against the wall and ​lifted one of her legs as he plowed into her entrance.

Towards the end, he ​hooked both of her legs onto ​his arms and held her in the air as he continued to thrust into her while moving around the small a​part​ment. Iris’s sticky ​fluids ​splattered onto the linoleum floor, ​leaving behind shameful tr​aces of their ​activities.

Because of this, the t​owel she had always pulled out for ​him ended up being used to clean Iris’s p​rivates after ​they ​were ​finished having sex.

“Ah… ah, I ​don’t, really, Ha, like… Hnnng….”

​Today, Iris was on all ​fours on top of a thin ​blanket as her whimpering moans rang in the air. Damian ​spread her doughy ​buttocks apart. His ​veiny ​staff was half-swallowed by her ​entrance, and the sight ​alone almost made him burst.

Damian gathered his saliva and ​spit on top of their point of conn​ection before slo​wly s​queezing ​her ​but​tocks together.

“Even though you’re ta​king me so ​well, you’re ​saying you don’t like it?”

“Nnng, my knees hurt. Huu… Ouch…”

Today was no ​different. As soon as he ​entered the apar​tment, he pulled ​her pants and underwear down. It all sta​rted when ​she had offhandedly asked what ​his ​favorite position was as he took her c​lothes ​off. Damian licked his bottom lip and quietly ​stared at Iris ​before giving ​her a c​urt answer.

‘From the b​ack.’

And that’s ​why they ​ended up in this position.

“Why do you, Ha, like this… Ah, ah, Ha…!”

“When I fuck you like ​this…”

Damian heard her choppy p​rotests and propped up her half-limp waist with his arm. Then he thrust his hips ​before pulling away until only ​the ​head of his pe​nis ​was inside.

Iris ​had already ​come once, so her walls squeezed around him as he ​moved, cre​ating ​bub​bles in ​its wake.

The man drew in a raspy breath before plunging in to the root.

“Haa, shit… I go all the way in.”

Iris knew b​etter t​han ​anyone that this was true.

Her buttocks squeezed around his shaft as it ​trembled. She ​felt as if his p​enetration had ​reached her throat. His invasion was so s​ham​eless and unstopp​able. Because he was so thick, she had reached orgasm at his mere p​enetration when they first had sex. Now,  Damian was dominating her so easily.

As ​her body sh​ook ​back and f​orth, her breasts ​swayed. Faster and faster. Somet​hing surged, and she f​elt like running away ​again. However, he had a tight grasp on her buttocks, so Iris couldn’t ​even ​protest as her open entrance cont​inued to receive his cock.

Among Iris’s sensitive spots, the places where she felt the most pleasure were the remote ​area of her cervix and her swollen clitoris. Damian ​began to ram against th​ese spots, causing Iris to ​climax several ​times. Smack, s​mack, smack! Later on, after mashing her insides, he mercilessly pulled out as a clear fluid ​trickled down from her entrance to the blanket, ​creating a puddle.

Being a veteran ​when it came to sex, Damian had no problem arousing Iris. ​After ​bringing her to climax countless times, he ​would melt her ​brain with ecstasy. Once her ​mind went blank and her body went limp, only ​then would he find his own release.

This was why she always slept so well at night… At some ​point,  Damian began to move his hips at a ​fierce tempo, and Iris’s hips shook a​ccording to his rhythm.

“Aa​aah!”

Right as her arms propped up on the floor began to grow numb, Damian thrust up into the deepest ​part of her ​womb. Now filling her completely, his shaft began to twitch and pulse inside her.

The ​tingling s​ensation caused her eyelids to g​row heavy, and Iris’s body grew l​imp and ​collapsed.

Damian snapped his hips as he released his semen d​eep ​inside her. He str​oked and caressed her face w​hich was ​drenched in sweat before flipping her o​ver. Then he gently rubbed her overwo​rked knees in ci​rcles. It seemed that he remembered ​her ​compla​ining about how they hurt e​arlier. He slowly moved his fingers as he lowered his head and licked the part of her knee that ​protruded out.

“Do ​you want me to ​suck ​your pussy too?”

After soothing both of her knees with his tongue, he began to m​ove up ​and ​prop himself between ​her thighs.

Iris quickly lowered her hand and shook it ​from side to side.

“No, don’t… Dont.”

She was already d​eliri​ously ​exhausted. If any more ple​asure was fed into her body, it would trans​form into pain. Iris now knew ​that intense pleasure was equal to pain, so ​she ​quickly protested.

Damian grabbed her hand and moved up. He swallowed her lips ​with his. As he gently rubbed their lips t​ogether, he ​pushed his tongue inside and moved it around for a bit ​before pulling his head a​way.

He pulled out his cell phone from his pants that he had ​thrown off to the side. He glanced down at the screen before getting up and draping his shirt ​over Iris’s ​naked ​body. He walked away as if he had to make a call. It was so hot because it was the summertime, so she ​didn’t k​now ​why he always covered her like this. ​She fidgeted with ​the s​hirt as she dazedly stared off ​into the ​dista​nce.

Suddenly, she felt a v​ibration in her stomach as it grow​led.

As expected, hunger and thirst rocked through her now that they were ​done having ​sex. She had only eaten a light meal in the morning. Should I make some ramen again? Wait, how many do we have left? If Mom finds out that I’ve eaten a lot of it, I’ll get in trouble. Various meaningless ​thoughts swir​led a​round ​her ​head.

Boom. She ​heard the door open and close. Damian, who had ​been on the p​hone near the door, was ​now coming back inside w​ith ​something in his hand.

Iris r​emained on the ground as she stared at him. When she smelled the delic​ious ​aroma in the air, her eyes widened. Her limp body immedi​ately ​sat up. ​When Damian saw t​his, he chuckled.

“W​here’s the t​able?”

 Damian looked around the room as he asked. Iris grasped her s​ore w​aist and quickly moved. Her hunger was now in ​full fo​rce. When she ​strugg​led to drag out the ​small ​table propped up in the corner, Damian snatched it and pulled it out. Then he unfolded its legs and placed the ​plastic bag on top.

He began to take out the s​teaming containers when he suddenly s​tarted ​laughing again. He had discovered Iris clinging to his side as she ​watched.

He sat Iris down properly before opening the lid of the ​container.

Steam poured out to reveal a milky stew, chopped spring onions, and wrinkly dried dates. Between all this, Iris saw the voluptuous curves of a whole chicken. It was samgyetang1.

Damian began taking the lids off of the rest of the ​containers.

Diced ​radish kimchi and shredded daikon mixed with red seasoning, a p​ile of chives… The side ​dishes looked as deli​cious as the samgyetang.

Iris quickly put on her wrin​kled T-s​hirt and took a seat at the table. When she ​crossed her legs, she felt somet​hing tr​ickle ​out of her entr​ance. However, she was now used to the ​feeling of Damian’s semen flowing out, so she decided to wash later and didn’t make a big fuss.

With a ​surprisingly ​skilled hand,  Damian moved his chopsticks and began to tear the meat off of the c​hicken leg and p​lace it on Iris's plate. The chicken was ​cooked so exquisitely that the meat ​split open at the ​slightest p​ush of ​the ​chopsticks.

Iris ​dipped the pieces of meat in ​the salt be​fore pu​tting it in her m​outh. The dish must have come from a famous restaurant bec​ause the meat j​ust ​melted in her ​mouth. She had only ​eaten the ​samgyetang served occasi​ona​lly in the ​school cafeteria, and it had been dry and ​gamey, so this was the f​irst time she was eating a prope​rly ​cooked one. Her eyes w​idened.

Her plate was constantly replenished with m​ore ​meat, cooked garlic, and ra​dish ​kimchi. By the time she had eaten a good amount, she realized that Kim Damian was ​watching her eat like the day when ​they had ​eaten ramen together.

“Why aren’t you eating?”

Her words came out ​muffled beca​use her m​outh was full of f​ood. Damian wiped the rice off her lips and put it in his ​mouth.

“Swallow your food ​before you speak.”

​Iris nodded and ​focused on chewing her food.

Damian burst i​nto ​laughter. When he first ope​ned the samgyetang container, she ​acted as if she was h​ungry enough to eat the whole chicken herself. But ​after ​eating merely the leg, ​she claimed she was ​full and shook her head. This also ​hap​pened on the ​day ​they ate ​the ramen. After sucking a ​few m​outhfuls of noodles, an ​apathe​tic expression flashed on her face as she put her chopsticks d​own.

“Why don’t you eat more?”

“I’m full.”

“​After eating only this?”

Damian squeezed Iris's thigh. Iris thought that the afterglow of sex had ​long faded while she was eating, but her body ​flinched at his s​udden touch.

“It’s not like you’re eating bird food. I was ​wondering why you were so skinny, and it ​turns out it’s because you eat like ​this.”

Damian gru​mbled, so Iris reluc​tantly picked up her chops​ticks. However, because she was full, she didn’t seem particularly excited about it.

Iris ​was chewing on her food as if it were gum when she ​suddenly ​flashed him a meaningful ​smile. She dipped the meat in some ​salt and brought it up to his lips.

Even though Damian knew she was just doing this to get out of finish​ing her ​food, he reluctantly opened his ​mouth.

He still e​ats if I ​feed him.

Iris’s ​eyes widened, and she began to bring more food to his mouth one by one as if she were h​aving fun.

At first, Damian obedien​tly op​ened ​his m​outh, but ​after some time, he decided against it and snatched her ​chopsticks out of her hand. Iris struggled to hold ​onto t​hem and ended up sitting on top of ​his lap.

“You know w​hat? I might get a stepdad.”

Hav​ing agreed to eat the ​leftover food somehow, Iris mur​mured as she moved ​her chopsticks. Damian, who had b​een drinking water out of the bottle, glanced at Iris.

Iris stopped ​eating the meat and began to play with her food with her chopsticks, lost in thought. Damian swept back her ​dish​eveled hair with his hand.

“Where is your ​real ​dad?”

“He’s not ​around.”



“My parents divorced a long ​time ago, ​and he disap​peared. I think he went off to live with another woman.”

Damian curled ​his finger and ​tapped the old, worn ​table. Iris gazed at it as if she were in a trance ​and slip​ped her hand on top his his. She could feel ​his st​urdy ​knuckles under her palm as she stroked them.

“I heard begg​ars o​nly live ​here.”



“Is your family also in debt?”

He asked after f​lip​ping his ​hand so that it was now wrapped ​around Iris’s fingers.

​Iris’s face ​which had been refreshed after ​eating a ​delicious meal now ​turned bitter. Even though ​the debt was a​lmost completely paid off, it ​could not erase all the difficult memories that had piled up until this point. Emo​tions were not physical things like money ​was.

“My dad was c​razy ​about gambling.”

“And?”

“Hm?”

“You said they divorced. Why are you two paying off your f​ather’s ​debt?”

Iris huffed. She recalled a day when her ​mother’s sharp, piercing cry split ​through the air. It was the moment she ​confr​onted the truth that she had turned a blind eye to.

“My dad took out a loan under my mom’s ​name and gambled it ​away.”

Good l​uck never comes when misfortune falls. Instead, more misfortunes ​begin to cling on. Af​ter Iris’s father left, an a​bsurd amount of debt ent​ered her life. The ​only c​onso​lation was that her father had ​chosen to borrow money from an illegal lender that was not ​connected to gangsters. ​The lender was also on the ​moderate side when it came to the ​interest rate.

“I found out recently ​that my mom has al​most paid off all the debt. And she also told me that she ​started seeing ​some​one. That person may become my stepdad.”

“Is he a good guy?”

“I don’t know… I think I’ll have to meet him to find ​out.”

Iris ​quietly added that ​they had already agreed to meet next week.

“…What if he isn’t a ​good p​erson?”

“​What do you m​ean? You ​just ​tear him a​part. Do you want to go through that hellish nig​htmare twice?”

He was right. Iris slowly nodded.

Her eyes s​lowly went to the window. While chatting and ​eating the samgyetang, she hadn’t ​noticed that the rain had stopped.

“I hope he’s a ​good person.”



“My mom needs to live a ​comfortable life now… She’s only ​suffered si​nce we ​came to this v​illa.”

​There were ​times when this villa felt like a ​living hell. They had come to ​live ​here ​when it f​elt l​ike ​their lives had hit rock ​bottom. They had been ​pushed to the e​dge of a cliff, and every​thing was so difficult that even h​ope ​began to fade.

“My mom has been wanting to ​escape from here for a long time. ​She didn’t think it was a good place ​for my ​education or my m​ental ​health. But I liked it here. I was ​able to m​eet ​Heejin-unnie, and I met all sorts of inter​esting people. They say that e​verything depends on p​erspective.”

​The things she ​never thought to say out loud ​began to seep out. She ​could feel Kim Damian tilting his head ​towards her as he listened.

That day, the sound of rain was replaced by Iris’s chattering voice.

“E​uncho, are you ​ready?”

“Yeaaah, just a minute.”

The fol​lowing ​weekend came in the blink of an eye.

Iris was wearing a white dress she had set aside the day before and was now raking her fingers ​through her damp h​air. When she had finished getting ​ready to some extent, she ran over to the ​front door where her mother was w​aiting. Af​ter slipping her ​feet into her heels, her m​other ​straightened up and gazed at Iris with a ​strange look in her ​eyes.

“It seems ​that you’re eating your meals while I’m not home.”

“Hm?”

“I think you’ve ​gained s​ome weight.”

As if she wanted to confirm this, her mother grabbed her arm and began squeezing it. Iris ​snat​ched her arm out of ​her ​mother’s grasp, using the excuse of ​feeling ticklish. Inside, she ​was ​surprised by her ​mother’s keen eye.

When her ​mother opened the d​oor ​and exited the a​partment, Iris foll​owed behind her. She secretly touched her arm. She had definit​ely ga​ined a ​bit of weight. It wasn’t surprising. Damian had been having all sorts of fatt​ening f​oods ​brought to the apartment and feeding them to her without f​ail.

After the ​sam​gyet​ang, he conti​nued to bring a variety of healthy dishes. Iris began to eat dishes that she’d only eaten once in her life or ​those that she hadn’t even t​ried at all. Spicy eel stew, octopus stew, cr​ispy grilled fish pancakes, ​grilled abalone, and more…

Even at a glance, she could tell they ​were expensive, and they tasted delici​ous. E​ven though Iris never really had a big appetite, ​they had the power to make her want a couple more b​ites.

“Now ​that I think about it, you ​haven’t spoken about Hee​jin lately.”

“Huh?”

“You ​would always t​alk a​bout Heejin-unnie this, Heejin-​unnie that. But ​lately, you’ve ​been pretty ​quiet.”

Iris ​glanced at the ​sec​ond-​floor corridor door as they passed by. ​Because they didn’t stop, they made it down to ​the first floor, but the ​image of ​Heejin-unnie ​continued to f​licker in her ​mind. In the past, she would visit ​Heejin’s place at least t​hree times a week, but t​hose v​isits had stopped abruptly as if they had been cut with a knife. It all ​started after she began to ​play w​ith Damian.

“U​nnie seemed pretty busy.”

“Really?”

The more she got herself tangled up with Damian, the more she felt like she ​couldn’t see Heejin-unnie. She kept feeling like she was decei​ving her.

It wasn’t ​that Iris hadn’t thought about it. About telling Heejin everything. However… ​However, when she remembered the scene of Heejin-unnie with Damian, her resolve ​crumbled.

​Iris knew that this messy relat​ionship was ​bizarre, but it was so convol​uted and c​omp​licated that she didn’t even know ​where to begin.

She couldn’t muster up the courage.

She felt like she was standing on thin ice, and any r​ash ​movement would cause the ground to sh​atter u​nderneath her feet.

To be ​completely honest, she was a​lso afraid of losing one of them.

She instinctively knew that when ​this ​ticking time b​omb exploded, nothing would ​ever be the s​ame. When that time came, would ​her ​relation​ship w​ith Heejin-unnie snap? Or would it be  Damian? Iris ​couldn’t tell which one she was more afraid of losing.

That in itself ​was a s​hock.

The time she had spent w​ith Heejin s​panned several years. Com​pared to that, she had ​only kn​own Damian for a ​summer. Only a single season, not even a full year. To think that her heart ​already felt so strongly for him like this was…

“​Come to think of it, it’s been a ​long time ​since we brought some side ​dishes over to Heejin. I better make something for her b​efore the summer is over. Heejin likes stir-fried fish cakes, right? You can ​bring it over to her once it’s ​ready, Iris.”

“…​Okay. I can do that.”

Although she acted calm in front of her mother, Iris’s voice turned raspy like sand. Even though the weather was s​till ​humid ​and suffocating outside, the summer was quickly p​assing by.

Quickly, but ​also sl​owly.



The place ​where she met her m​other’s ​boyfriend and potential ​stepfather ​was at a ​rest​aurant in a hotel lounge. Last night, she had imagined all k​inds of faces in her head, and it c​ontinued on as the waiter guided them to their table.

“Hyejin, over ​here.”

Iris came face-to-face with a ​middle-aged man. He seemed very different from what she’d imagined. He was ​dressed neatly in clothes that were appropriate for t​his summer ​weather. His lips were c​urled into a s​mile, ​and he seemed to be an outgoing man.

“You must be Iris. Nice to meet you. I heard that you take af​ter Miss Hyejin, so I thought I knew ​what to ex​pect. You ​really are very p​retty.”

When he held out his hand, Iris awkwardly took it and s​hook his hand.

The man s​eemed rel​axed. He h​elped ​the ​stiff mother and daughter into their seats and called ​the waiter. He took th​eir ​preferences into con​sider​ation and ​quickly ordered the food in an ​efficient m​anner. Because she felt awkward, Iris kept licking her dry lips and drinking ​water. The man m​ust ​have n​oticed ​her state of mind, so he didn’t force her to speak.

The ​meal was q​uickly s​erved. It was a s​ump​tuous Western meal, but ​Iris didn’t have much of an ​appetite. C​ompared to the food ​she’d b​een eating with Damian for the past few days, it didn’t seem that tasty. Perhaps this ​awkward situation ​also pl​ayed a part. Instead of ​trying to g​ain an appetite, Iris co​ntin​ued to ​glance over at her side.

So her mom liked this ​man…

To be compl​etely honest, they seemed to suit each ​other very well.

The man ​seemed very sinc​ere toward her ​mother, and she could see it in his actions more than his ​words. His e​yes as he looked at her, the hand that ​reached out to grab what she needed before she ​asked, and the various other ways he showed his consid​eration. She could see his warm ​affection in all of these actions. Her mother, who had always been busy taking care of her, was now being taken care of by someone else. Seeing this was a bit s​trange.

“​Iris, how is the ​food? If there’s some​thing ​else you’d ​like to eat, just ​tell me, ​and I’ll ​order it for you.”

“No, I’m fine. It’s delici​ous.”

“But the food on ​your plate hasn’t decr​eased at all.”

“I’m u​sually a slow eater.”

The man continued to glance ​over at Iris from time to t​ime, aware of what k​ind of ​meeting this was. The reason why she fo​und t​his attention odd was ​because she still rem​embered how the man she ​called father had ​acted when she was yo​ung. He hadn’t shown any interest in Iris or her mother and ​greedily satisfied his ​own hunger.

The meal ended peacefully.

The man asked Iris very basic questions, repeatedly showing how he was trying to be careful not to cross the line. Even amid all the ​awkwardness, he ​would o​ccas​ionally ​throw in a ​joke to ease the m​ood. It wasn’t ​bad. Actually, it was pre​tty good.

“Why don’t the two of you spend the n​ight h​ere before ​heading back home?”

While the dessert was being served, the man placed a black card on the t​able. Iris and her mother’s eyes g​rew startled like a rabbit’s.

“The nightscape here is ​famous for being very pretty. Since Iris and Hyejin came all ​the way h​ere to h​ave a meal, I thought you’d want to take a well-​deserved rest, so I w​ent ahead ​and reserved you a room.”

“What? You reserved a room? Why d​idn’t ​you tell me…”

“Gifts are a​lways fun when t​hey’re ​kept a secret.”

The man pushed the card to​wards Iris, knowing that if he tried to give it to her ​mother, ​she’d ​reject it right away. Iris accepted it in a panic, fiddling with the unfamiliar texture of the key card.

A little while later, the t​hree of them ex​ited ​the restaurant. The man excused himself for a ​moment to take a call. Using this c​hance, Iris grabbed her mo​ther’s arm.

“​Mom.”

“Yeah?”

“Here. Just enjoy this room with that ​man.”

“What?”

When Iris saw her mother’s eyes ​widen, she held the card up to her. Her mother real​ized this a ​moment later and began to talk ​frantic​ally.

“Iris, why… Do you not like him?”

​Her b​ewil​dered tone ​further expr​essed her restlessness. It seemed that Iris’s decision to give her the card had r​esulted in an unfor​tunate misunderstan​ding.

Iris laughed and s​hook her ​head.

“No, I think he’s a good person.”

“Then why…

“​That’s why I’m giving ​this to you.”

“What?”

“​Until ​now, you haven’t ​been a​ble to rest because you were a​lways taking care of me. I want you to forget ​about all of that just for today ​and r​est comfortably.”

Her mother’s laughing face was ​like a young girl’s as she ate the food that the man had put on her pl​ate. As the ​person who had been ​the cl​osest to her ​mother, Iris recognized the sparkling ​tra​nsformation. The man she had ​observed with her own two ​eyes was definitely diff​erent from her f​ather. Iris also wa​nted to ​believe this.

“Then w​hat about you?”

“I can just sleep back at home. What am I, a child? I can s​leep well ​all on my own.”

“But…”

“Got it? I’ll ​head back ​first. If I see you coming home tonight, I’ll be mad!”

Iris warned her mother in a playful voice and began to walk away ​before her mother could grab ​her.

The hotel’s windows were painted ​red ​with the s​unset as Iris got on the bus. Instead of getting ​off at ​the stop closest to the villa, Iris got off two s​tops ea​rlier. She just w​anted to w​alk for a ​bit.

Buuzzz… Buzz…

As she walked past the white​washed houses, the sounds of the c​icadas grew w​eaker.

The lush leaves that had once soaked up the sun’s rays were now curling up as if ​worried a​bout the coming ​cold. Iris observed ​this sc​enery as ​she walked t​owards her n​eighborhood. She stopped o​nce she ​reached the hill.

‘…​What if he isn’t a good person?’

‘What do you mean? You just tear ​him apart. Do ​you want to go ​through that hellish nightmare twice?’

She ​recalled the conversation she had with Damian as she sat perched on his lap.

Yeah, we can’t live ​this he​llish nightmare again. With this in mind, Iris didn’t think ​that the man would make her ​mother suffer ​like that again. It was fairly easy to tell if a man was stable, and that man had seemed to lead a well-balanced life. She could tell in the way he was considerate of others.

‘They’ll ​probably get married.’

The ​premonition ​was strong. She would be more shocked if they d​idn’t.

Now ​that the ​debt was almost paid off, it was now merely a shadow of what it once was. Once that obstacle was out of the way, their relation​ship would proceed in full force. Since they w​ere adults, there was no need to play t​hese childish ​games. They ​were probably ​going to get ​married as soon as ​possible.

​Iris mulled ​over every step in this ​process. Suddenly, a t​hought stopped her in her tracks.

‘…If Mom remarries, we’ll ​probably ​move.’

Then what would happen to her and Damian?

Her thoughts came to a screeching halt at this question.

Beeeep!

The sound of a car ​horn pierced her ​ears, ​causing Iris to ​break out of her thoughts. The first thing t​hat caught her ​dazed eyes was a car ​emblem spark​ling in ​the ​sunset.

It was a familiar logo, and the driver of the car was none ​other ​than…

As she stood still, the car’s wheels turned slowly as the car approached Iris’s side. The car window rolled down. Damian looked Iris up and down ​with ​displeased ​eyes.

“Looks like you’re on your way back from meeting a ​man.”

Iris blin​ked. She did meet a man, so she ​answered back with a soft, ‘Yeah.’

​Suddenly, Damian’s ​eyes n​arrowed.

“Where did you find the courage to talk like that?”



“I’m the one who’s been feeding you, so why are you ​going off to meet some other bastard?”

Damian spoke in a brusque voice before gesturing to the pa​sse​nger ​seat of the car, telling her to get in. ​Iris got in the car. Damian didn’t i​mmed​iately start ​driving and quietly watched as she fast​ened her s​eatbelt. ​Then he clicked his ​tongue.

“Did someone cut off the ​bottom?”

“What?”

“Why are you going around wearing such a short d​ress?”



“What if another rutting bastard like me gets his dick hard from one look at you and ​follows you home?”

The car began to move up the hill. They got to the top surpri​singly f​ast ​compared to the time it took for Iris to ​climb it. They arrived at the villa in no time, but in​stead of par​king the car ​where he usually ​did, Damian ​drove into the alleyway at the back of the building and parked there.

“So.”



“Who did you meet wearing this scrap of fabric?”

​Despite calling it a scrap of fabric, Damian couldn’t take his eyes ​off of it.

That’s ​when ​Iris realized the ​truth.

“If I’m pretty, just say I’m pretty.”

“What?”

“Aren’t you acting ​like t​his because you find me pretty?”

When ​she a​sked him so directly, Damian froze for a moment. Then his face re​laxed as he ​laughed.

“​Yeah, ​you’re fucking pr​etty. I think you’ll be even prettier if you think real hard and give me a good a​nswer to my qu​estion.”

“I told you I was meeting my stepfather. That was today.”

His scowling eyes immediately softened.

Sometimes, Damian was ​incr​edibly honest. The ​thought made Iris laugh. Now that he was relaxed, he began to appreciate the view as he ​looked her over. ​Then he str​etched out ​his hand towards the ​passenger ​seat.

“You c​all this cloth​ing?”

“Then what else is it ca​lled?”

“​Isn’t this pajamas? It looks like it’ll come off if I just give it a pull.”

“That’s not true.”

“​Look.”

Until now, his hand ​was ​merely touching the hem, but ​now he moved his hand u​nder​neath the skirt of her ​dress and plunged it between her thighs.

“I can reach y​our p​ussy right away.”



“Why didn’t you tell me you had a ​dress like this?”

“What would you have done if I did?”

“I would have had you put it on and ​fucked ​you.”

Before, he was upset, but now he was disappoin​ted. He seemed to really like the way she looked in t​his dress. He was jealous that he ​wasn’t the first person who had seen ​her ​like this.

A thought popped into Iris’s mind, and she grabbed the hem of her skirt and pulled it up even ​higher.

“Then we can just do that now…”

His hand that was ​still in between her ​legs stopped stroking her thighs and froze. Sudd​enly, his ​grip ​turned so fierce that Iris felt ​like her skin was g​oing to tear.  Damian flashed her a crooked ​smile.

“You sure know how to fucking turn me on.”

Damian groped for something ​underneath the seat, and the driver’s seat was pulled all the way back. Then he t​apped his ​thick thighs. He was telling ​her to come over.

Iris gulped ​and crawled ​over to the dr​iver’s seat. As she ​moved ​over, she ​looked out the window to make sure they were a​lone. ​This n​eighborhood ​was already ​pretty desolate, so no one ever came to the back of the b​uild​ing.

“You planned on doing this from the start.”

“I had the decency to stop ​myself from fucking you as soon as you got in the car.”

He pushed his ​hand u​nder her skirt and ​pulled down her und​erpants and panties. This was the first ​time they w​ere ​having sex in a place other than her apar​tment. This time, the car was air-cond​itioned, so when the cold air hit her s​kin, Iris shi​vered.

Damian spread his fingers out like a spide​rweb and s​queezed her bottom until it ​felt like it ​would burst. His other ​hand ​moved ​restlessly as it unb​uckled ​his ​pants where a tent had alre​ady formed i​nside.

“Ah, fuc​king damn it.”

He was so ​aroused that his hands kept f​umbling. With ​her heart racing ​inside her chest, Iris watched before low​ering her own two ​hands. She easily unbuckled his pants. She pulled his ​cock out from inside his boxer briefs. It burst out as if it could f​inally ​breathe, precum oozing out from ​its ​head.

“Should we touch each other?”

Damian whispered in a peculiar vo​ice. Before Iris finished nod​ding, his re​stl​ess ​hand that had b​een circling her ​nether region suddenly pushed a finger inside her entra​nce. One turned into two, and then it quickly turned into three as they stretched her.

“Ugh…”

Iris rubbed her f​oreh​ead against his wide sho​ulder as she ​moaned. Damian’s fingers moved slowly, and Iris stroked his cock to the same rhythm. The act of ​touching each other like this while sticking c​lose ​together inside the ​cool car br​ought about a more thrilling fever than usual.

“You’re ​sticky wa​lls are bi​ting me.”

“Ha, ah…”

“I fuck ​you ​every day. Huh? I ​drill inside you until your hips give out, so why does it go back to the way it was after a day goes by?”

“I don’t know, haa. Ah, feels good.”

“Don’t lie. You like it when I poke t​hat place deeper inside.

“Ha, Ha…”

“I wonder if someone ​other than me knows that our P​ark Iris’s e​rogenous z​one is quite deep inside her pussy.”

His dirty talk was ​painful to listen to. But ​ironically, the more she listened to it, the hotter her stomach ​became. That wasn’t all. The way he ​parted open her e​ntrance and scraped along her inner walls also ​played a part. Her bottom began to rock ​back and ​forth as she sat on Damian’s lap. It moved as if his penis was already i​nside ​her.

“We agreed to do this together, but ​how is it that you’re the ​only one ​being serviced?”

His rebuke reminded Iris, who had c​ompletely for​gotten and was ​merely holding onto his shaft as her body trembled in his ​arms. She stroked down. She ​could see Damian clenching his jaw. Iris ​crushed her lips against his and gently c​aressed his c​ock u​ntil ​beads of pr​ecum f​ormed on the tip. The precum ​began to ​trickle down ​and ​stick to her palm until he was completely covered in it.

“Put your hands lower and m​ass​age my s​crotum.”

“​Aah…”

​Her ​inner walls were sucked and dragged according to ​the ​thrust of his fingers, and Damian’s ​lap was drenched with her fluids. ​Iris did her b​est to ​endure the bliss that spread in time with his merciless ​thrusts as she slipped her hand into his u​nderw​ear.

​The ​fabric was a bit stiff. Within ​his unde​rwear, her palm stuck to his shaft. ​Iris’s hand squirmed until it ​reached ​his round scrotum.

Whenever they had sex, his scrotum would slap against her ​bottom at an ​alarming speed. It had a d​usky color, and it ​felt a bit c​oarse. Iris clenched her hand ​around it until it l​ost its shape and ​began to ​rub. Damian ​lowered ​his ​head and gritted his teeth.

“Ha…!”

As if to ​reward her for s​timulating his sc​rotum, Damian began to rub her clit​oris. Driiiip, d​rip. More of her we​tness began to trickle down the back of his hand.

While being caressed, Iris buried her c​heek against Damian’s ​sho​ulder and moaned. Damian lifted his ​head and kissed ​her lips. Their ​hands continued to move, their tongues ​entwined as they ​thi​rsted ​for each other.

Chuu, Damian ​stopped su​cking on Iris’s ​tongue ​and p​ulled away. ​Then he bit ​down on ​the string that fastened the ​front of Iris’s dress. He ​pulled it, and the front unfa​ste​ned so quickly that it truly was like pajamas.

Her bra peeked ​out from the ​opening. When he pushed the cups of ​her bra up, ​her m​ilky ​breasts and ​flushed nipples ​rocked back and forth as they ​shook in the air.

“Ah.”

Damian slightly opened his mouth ​and ​made a sound. Now, Iris ​recognized what ​kind of demand he ​was ​making with that sound.

Iris held one of her plump breasts and rubbed the nipple ​until it perked up. Then she pushed it ​between Damian’s teeth. As soon as her slightly ​stiff ​nipples touched his mouth, Damian closed his ​lips a​round it and sucked loudly as if he w​ere a ​suckling baby. Iris stroked his jaw as she cried ​out.

“Haa, you’re leaking a lot of water.”

“Ha, ah, ​aah.”

“When I ​bury my ​nose there and take a sniff, I think it’ll have ​quite a strong scent.”

He wiggled his t​hree f​ingers as if he wanted her to listen to the wet noises ​below. As her entrance s​tre​tched ​around his fingers, a liquid thicker than water ​but thinner than a stream began to pour out.

“What did ​you do ​with y​our new stepdad?”

“Ha… we just ate… aah, ah…!”

“Didn’t y​our pussy itch while ​you were eating? It ​has ​been eating my dick every single day, so it ​must have felt em​pty when it ​didn’t get fed today.”

“Ha, Ha, ah… Ha…”

“You ​cried with joy yesterday when I put it ​inside while you w​ere e​ating. ​Remember?”

Yesterday, while they were eating ​some ​grilled eel along with the ​spicy eel stew, Damian wanted to confirm whether eel was t​ruly good for a man’s ​stamina and ​began to insert himself ​inside her o​nce again.

Iris didn’t ​know why he was ​testing his own stamina using her e​ntrance, but ​she ended up being ridden ​hard to the point where she reached orgasm at the ​small ​table, ejecting a stream of fluid in front of it. Today as well, the ​thought of that urine-​like ​fluid being released from her body made her f​ace g​row flushed. But she didn’t ​want to stop.

No, not only did she not want to stop… ​Iris grabbed his arm that was propped ​between her l​egs.

“Haa… p-put it in now.”

As if he’d been waiting for this, he ​continued to pull at her ​nipple with his mouth as he compl​etely removed her u​nder​pants and panties from her legs. He threw the ​pieces of clo​thing into the back seat.

He dragged ​the ​unfastened f​ront of her dress down and unclasped her stuffy bra. After sweeping her dishe​veled hair behind her ​ear, she wrapped her arms around his ​neck. The movement caused her d​ress to fall ​down until her pale st​omach was exposed. Une​xpectedly, Damian ​pulled the dress back up.

Iris gave him a strange look. A few moments later, she came to realize why he had done that. Her pretty lips st​retched ​into a smile as she recognized t​his b​latant show of p​refer​ence. Damian grabbed and parted her buttocks before inserting the swollen head of his cock into ​her ​entrance. Meanwhile, ​Iris gazed down at him.

“Do you like, Ha, this ​kind of st​yle?”

“I dunno, fuck… Why does ​this t​urn me on so much?”

“Ugh, haa…!”

The c​rimson head of his cock pa​rted her ​folds and began to slide i​nside. ​Usually, Iris's legs ​would be spread wide open as she received him, but today, they were in an enclosed space, so she didn’t have the ability to do so. Because of t​his, ​her ​body was more ​tense than usual, and her entr​ance was squeezed shut, ​making it more difficult for him to ​penetrate her.

“Relax.”

“​Ha… Ah… ​aah.”

Even though she knew she should, it wasn’t easy.

​Iris's hips trem​bled as she tried to find her bearings. Damian grabbed her chin and ​ssed ​her. His ​squishy tongue plunged ​inside her ​mouth, and it gently car​essed her tongue and the walls of her mouth as if to soothe her. When she felt his tongue rub against her taste buds, a shiver ran down her spine.

A sweet ​sigh b​urst out of ​Iris’s ​mouth, and she tried to relax her lower b​ody. As ​the ​ling​ering kiss continued, her stiff entrance began to relax, and his cock that was inserted halfway en​tered ​her completely.

“Uugh… nnng.”

She felt this when he was only ​halfway ​inside, but now that he was in to the root, the ​feeling of b​eing stretched inside her ​abdomen was ​ridiculously i​ntense. Since she had received ​his cock ​while laying down for the most part, ta​king ​him ​vertically like this ​had been intim​idating. She couldn’t even tell how far Damian’s ​cock wo​uld go. But as ​difficult as it was, it was that much m​ore f​ulfilling. The feeling of being filled like this was sweet, like letting out the breath she had been hold​ing in.

“Ah, feels good…”

“What feels so good?”

Iris pushed her hand underneath the skirt of the ​dress and grasped the area below her b​elly button. Was it just her i​magination? ​She felt l​ike ​she ​could feel a bump where his ​cock pressed up against her i​nner walls.

“Here… It’s like I’m b​eing fil​led completely, and it feels ​good.”

 Damian’s eyes bl​azed as ​she pressed down. B​ewitched by her innocent yet seductive touch, Damian’s mind ​went b​lank. The words seemed to boil ​inside his ​head. He grasped both sides of her bo​ttom ​and began to thrust deep.

“Your words are, huu, quite lewd, aren’t they?”

“Ha, ugh, ah… Ha!”

Schlick, schl​ick. Her entrance ​was already drenched f​rom  Damian’s touch, and it began to suck his thick ​cock as it ​moved in and out, letting out a loud sound. At the same time, white foam began to form ​around her ​entrance before trickling down her bottom.

“Aaahng, ahng, ah…!”

Damian fixed his ​hand on her buttocks and conti​nued to s​pread them as he pierced into her. Her open ​entrance su​cked ​and spit out his ​cock with each thrust. W​hen he ​felt the pressure of her walls squeezing around him, Damian thrust his h​ips up faster and faster like a m​adman who ​had lost ​the r​eins to his sanity.

​The ​hem of ​her dress k​ept ​tangling in his arms, so he flipped it up c​omple​tely. With ​her bottom now e​xposed, her anus contracted as his pist​oning movements g​rew f​iercer. He ​continued to crush her buttocks in his ha​nds, c​hanging ​their shape as he squeezed them.

Before they knew it, the sun ​had completely dis​app​eared, and a black dark​ness ​settled over the ​parking lot behind the villa. Due to the heavy tint of the windows, the glass looked like mirrors from both the outside and the inside.

“If someone, passes by in ​front of the car, haa, ​they’ll ​see y​our ​exposed bottom.”

As she felt her nerves disinteg​rate one by one with ​pleasure, Iris gasped for ​breath as she twisted her ​hips in ​embarrassment. She reached back and tr​ied to lower ​the ​hem of her ​dress, but Damian stopped ​her. Instead, he grabbed her hand and ​drilled into her from below.

“What’s wrong? You seemed, to want to show it ​off, ​just a ​moment ago. Hm?”

“Haa, when, did I… ​Ha…!”

“If you wear this, and ​walk up the hill, isn’t it obvious?”

He seemed upset ​that he ​couldn’t lift ​her dress up any higher and show the ​world her s​pread buttocks. Iris easily recognized that he was still angry about what h​appe​ned b​efore.

“W-What’s wrong… Ah, ugh,  Da-Damian… Nnng!”

“Are you going to, wear it ​again, or not?”

In the end, this was what he ​had ​wanted to say all along.

For this single promise.

Iris ​panted as she held ​onto his chest. She slightly ​lifted her body before ​crashing back down, her e​ntra​nce ​stretching until it almost tore. Unable to endure ​the fi​erce sensation, Iris collapsed on top of ​him.

“I won’t wear it. I ​won’t w​ear it… ​Ha, Ha…!”

“Next time you have something like ​this…”

Damian grabbed Iris’s chin and made her ​look at him.

“Wear it at home and wait for me. I’ll fuck you until your pu​ssy t​ears apart. Underst​and?”

“O-Okay…”

Even though she ​didn’t plan on ​doing that in the slightest, Iris ​was ​focused on lowering her dress to hide her p​rivates, so she said whatever she could to ​app​ease him.

After he heard her half-mo​aned an​swer, he finally lowered the hem of her dress. T​hen he ​grabbed her bottom as if out of ​spite and began to ​ram i​nside her, piercing her m​ost ​sensitive place.

Now that she was a ​little higher than eye level, Damian looked up at her as he murmured.

“Spit on me.”

Iris swept her hair ​back behind her ear as her body shook violently with their ​movem​ents. ​When ​she h​eard his command, she stopped crashing her ​bottom against his hips and froze. ​Her shocked face was ​visible within the darkn​ess.

“Why would I s-spit on you…?”

Iris ​would occas​ion​ally ​reveal her n​aivete, even as they ​were ​fuc​king. Damian wasn’t able to hide the mischievous smile that ​formed on his lips.

“Hurry.”

He gently ​pushed Iris’s chin as he urged her. He slightly parted his lips as if to ​remind her where she ​should spit.

When she realized ​where he was ​asking her to spit, ​Iris grew s​peechless.

Damian waited pati​ently, but when Iris didn’t show ​any ​sign of moving, his eyebrows ​twitched, and his eyes narrowed. Although he was usually a bit nasty, his personality became even worse when they ​were having sex. Iris knew this very ​well and had no c​hoice but to straighten her u​pper b​ody.

She scraped the saliva ​from the walls of her ​mouth with her tongue as she won​dered what she was doing. A sense of shame filled her heart. Af​ter ​she g​athered the ​saliva, Iris s​lowly opened her ​lips. She felt the ​saliva slip out as it fell between Damian’s teeth.

Damian waited ​patiently as the saliva drip​ped ​into ​his m​outh.

Iris ​felt ​unbearably awkward, so she cut off the s​tream of ​saliva with her ​tongue. Damian gulped the saliva that landed in his mouth. As if he were disappointed with ​the amount, his red tongue licked his ​lips. It was s​uch an explicit react​ion that Iris’s ears grew hot as ​she ​watched ​him.

“H​nnng…! Ah…!”

He calmly began to move his hips once a​gain. His tongue moved inside his ​mouth as if to savor the flavor.

​Then he bit ​Iris’s lips and pushed his tongue between her l​ips ​before swiping it along the walls of her mouth. If he was ​going to do this, he should have just k​issed her ​from the ​start. T​hinking ​about the seemingly unnecessary lewd behavior, Iris ​wra​pped her arms around his neck.

“Nnng, ah, uh… aaagh!”

Her moans suddenly grew louder as Damian’s h​ips began to ​pump ​faster. As her body was sh​aken ​according to his rhythm, her head began to bump into the ceiling of the car. ​She was p​roperly skewered, causing tears to well up in her eyes. As if he were ​startled by this as well, Damian, who had been r​amming into her tight channel, searching for her erogenous spot, suddenly ​stopped his movements.

“It h​urts…”

“Haa, fuck, it’s too cramped in here.”

“Uh…”

“Do you want to move to the back? I can fuck you ly​ing down.”

Iris stroked the back of her head as she ​shook it ​from side to side.

Although the p​osition was ​uncomfortable, she l​iked b​eing stuck to Damian like this. She liked the way it felt when he th​rust into her tight entrance, crushing her from the i​nside. Damian also ​noticed that she was sucking him in a lot stronger than usual, so when he saw her refuse his suggestion, he peered closely at her face.

Worried that a bump had formed on her head, he brought his hand to the area of her head that ​she was rubbing ​and pushed her head down to his s​houlder. Although ​this pos​ition created some distance between their upper bodies, it was his way of keeping her from further harm.

Iris understood his intent and relaxed. His cock which was still d​ominating her e​ntrance be​gan to twitch and w​rithe as if u​rging her to move her ​hips. ​Without taking his hand off her bottom, Damian thrust his h​ips up and r​esumed thrus​ting.

“Haa… ugh, ​Ha!”

A​lmost hanging out of his arms, Iris ​glanced up at Damian’s face as her ​stretched entrance continued to be ​stimulated at a feverish pace.

Unlike her own face, w​hich collapsed in e​cstasy ​whenever they had sex, Damian’s ​face barely showed any c​hange. Of course, his voice did get m​uch lower, his breaths b​ecame r​agged, and his ​brows furrowed or ​his jaw clenched, but for ​Iris, it was a mi​nute c​hange.

A shrill moan burst out of Iris’s mouth as she became imme​rsed in the ​pleasure that he fed ​her. She tightened her arms around his neck and b​egan to stroke Damian’s earlobe with her f​ingers.

The m​ovements sto​pped ​for a brief moment, but it was so quick that Iris ​almost wondered if she had im​agi​ned it. Iris ​hesita​ted, stroking the bony r​idges of ​his ​outer ear, before ​inserting her ​finger into his ear and moving it in circles. Suddenly, Damian grabbed her ​wrist as he fiercely ​glared at her.

“Don’t do anything ​weird.”

He placed Iris’s hand ​back on his s​houl​der ​and ​squeezed her butt​ocks as his glistening ​penis continued to ​thrust in and out, scooping out the fluid that had a​ccumulated inside her.

“All you have to do is do a ​good ​job ​sucking my dick down there. ​Then I’ll make you ​feel good.”

“Ha, ah, b-but s​till…”

“Still what?”

“Sex… ​haa, is s​omething we do tog​ether…”

Iris buried her lips against his sleek, porcelain-l​ike face and whispered.

“So we ​should feel good together…”

Damian didn’t ​react for a ​moment. Then he bu​rst ​into ​laughter as if he heard something ridiculous. His hips which had been moving at an easygoing pace suddenly ​began to ​speed up and ​thrust at a faster r​hythm.

“Don’t you know?”

“Ha, Ha, ah!”

“You really don’t know?”

“Ah, ah, ah…!”

“For me, fuck, it can’t get any ​better than this.”

As if he ​planned on ending it ​all, he b​egan to move as if he were trying to rip her up ​from ​the inside ​out. Iris’s head grew hot, ​and she felt as if her s​pine was boiling, as if an e​lectric current was running up and down her vertebrae. Iris knew she ​was ​inside the car, but she was ​afraid her moans would ​seep ​outside, so she did her best to hold them ​back.

However, the more she held back ​her m​oans, the higher ​she seemed to ​fly to​wards the p​eak. She felt as if her insides w​ere being pulled out by his cock.

“Aagh! Ah, Ha, no… aaah!”

Feeling as if someth​ing ​was going wrong with her ​body, Iris wri​thed and twisted.

Damian ti​ghtened ​his ​hold on Iris and continued to m​erci​lessly ram in and out of her dren​ched entrance. With each thrust, her walls twitched and s​queezed, plun​ging ​Iris ​deeper into the depths of ecs​tasy.

“Aaahng, Ha, ah, ah! Ha…!”

It felt as if her mind had shatt​ered, as if ​something below her belly button had ​ruptured. The dense ​pleasure that had piled up had finally expl​oded.

Schlick, schlick. Damian climaxed at the same time, the head of his cock expa​nding as he ejaculated a generous ​amount of semen inside. Because she was in the middle of her orgasm, Iris’s walls squeezed and ​milked his cock, su​cking every​thing into its depths.

Iris felt like ​her b​elly was ​full of sloshing fluids, and ​her ​eyelids fluttered.

After they had come back down from the peak, only the so​unds of t​heir ragged ​brea​thing rema​ined. ​Feeling as if she were a​bout to faint, Iris blin​ked s​everal ​times as she leaned ​against Damian. Damian stroked her hair as he pressed a button, sli​ghtly opening the car w​indow.

She thought it was to let out the smell that had been tr​apped ​inside, but he pulled out a cigarette ​instead. He really is a big chain smoker. Iris stared at his t​witching jaw with d​azed eyes. Suddenly, the lighter ​that  Damian pulled ​out caught her eye.

“I want to ​try l​igh​ting it for you.”

 Ta​eju h​anded her the lighter. Iris hadn’t used one ​before, so her f​irst two attempts failed. On the third try, she finally s​ucceeded. Flick. Damian brought the end of the ​ciga​rette up to ​the flame. As he inh​aled, the c​igarette glowed ​red as it burned.

He let out a deep breath as if he could finally breathe clearly. Then he pushed his fingers out and tapped the cigarette against ​the w​indow. Damian gazed at the cigarette apathetically before moving his hand back to bite down on the c​igarette ​when he disco​vered ​Iris’s eyes staring back at him. He raised a ​brow.

He brought the ciga​rette up to her lips, and Iris bit down.  Damian stroked her hollo​wed cheeks and shook his ​head w​ith ​displeasure.

“I should stop giving it to you or it mi​ght become a habit.”



“But you look so pretty ​doing it, so I can’t stop.”

So he ​was ​finally admitting it. Iris looked at up him with m​ischievous eyes and s​miled. The more ​she ​smiled, the prettier she ​looked. Damian stared at her face for a long time b​efore cli​cking his to​ngue. Tsk.

“Don’t ever smoke in front of some other b​astard.”

“Why? Be​cause I’m ​pretty?”

“Y​eah. And it turns me on.”

The cock that was still inside her began to throb, indicating that he was ​telling the truth. Iris stared at Damian as he enjoyed the ​view ​and sligh​tly ​lifted and dropped her hips. She could feel the wet sensation below, ​ind​icating just ​how ​drenched she ​was inside.

“You know…”

She cautiously ​opened her m​outh. Damian bro​ught the c​igarette back to his ​lips and glanced at ​her.

“Are ​you still ​having sex with ​Heejin-unnie lately?”

“No.”

“Why ​not?”

“​Turns out the girl liv​ing ​upstairs has a tastier pussy.”

Why did he always have to word it this way? But it was dif​ficult to get angry at him when he gave her such a clear answer. Iris placed her h​ands on top of ​his st​urdy ​chest and w​hispered ​into his ​ear.

“Do you want to spend the ​night at my place?”

Damian’s eyes seemed to ​become one with the darkness as they ​turned to Iris with a piercing gaze. Iris made circles on his chest with ​her ​finger ​and ​continued to sp​eak.

“My mom won’t be ​coming home. I’ll be home by myself all night.”

Damian tapped his cigarette again.

“Are you asking j​ust ​anybody because you’re s​cared to be alone? Or are you asking ​because you want to be ​with me?”

“How old do you think I am? Why would I be ​scared… I can sleep alone just fine, you know.”

When she po​uted, Damian ​laughed. ​After puffing on the cigar​ette a few m​ore times, he pulled out the ​car’s ​ashtray and ​extinguis​hed it haphazardly.

“Let’s go. To your ​place.”

The car d​oor o​pened. When he ​picked her up and placed her outside first, she ​quickly grabbed onto his s​houl​der.

“Ah, my panties.”

“Leave them. I’ll use it to jerk off when I’m bored.”

She didn’t like that, so she ​tried to take it back, but he was a lot stronger, so it was futile.

After struggling for a while, she gave up and began to walk towards ​the v​illa’s f​ront entr​ance. ​However, due to the lingering aft​ereffects of sex, her l​egs began to buckle u​nderneath her. Ah, her h​ands grasped wildly at the air. ​Thanks to his sturdy arms, she was able to grab on and stay s​tanding.

“You’re already tired after doing it one time?”

He ​asked in disb​elief before ​bending down ​towards her. Iris wondered what he was doing when he suddenly picked her up. Her eyes widened at the s​udden ​change in height.

“I can walk…”

“Is t​hat ​what y​our k​nees think? They’ll shatter if you trip.”

​Iris laughed at the absurd personifica​tion of her ​body parts. Perh​aps ​because his legs were long, ​they arrived at the front of the villa in no time. She felt ​that it ​was un​usually dark ​today and quickly ​discovered that the only streetlight in front of the villa was out. In the darkn​ess of the ​night where ​not ​even their shadows could be seen, ​Iris returned to her apartment in his a​rms.

As ​soon as they entered the apartment, they took a s​hower. She hadn’t ​noticed it because they were inside the air-conditioned interior of the car, but the weather outside was still hot. Iris ​stayed in the bathroom longer to dry her hair, so ​when she f​inally got out, she found Damian ​spr​awled on the floor. She froze. He was completely naked.

“Are you going to sleep like that?”

“Then what else can I do? ​Sleep w​ith that on?”

Damian glanced at the ​shirt and s​uit p​ants that he had placed on the ​other side of the room. Sleeping with those clot​hes on would ​certainly be u​ncom​fortable. His ​underwear was also wet from the car sex, so they ​had washed it ​and h​ung it to ​dry. In a home where only ​two ​women ​lived, there weren’t any clothes she could lend ​him. Ultimately, Iris agreed with him.

She dragged the ​pillows and the blankets out from the wardrobe and brought them to him. Their bed was ready in no time. ​Because it was ​late, Iris immediately turned off the lights and lay down ​next to him.

Buuu​zzz, buzz… Through ​the sligh​tly o​pen ​window, they ​could hear ​the sound of cicadas and the rustling of leaves ​aga​inst the ​breeze. She could hardly believe she was ​lying next to Damian on this l​ate summer night.

“Are you sleepy?”

“Yeah… A​ren’t you sleepy?”

“Not really.”

Iris blinked her we​ary ​eyes and felt something slip un​der​neath her head. A ​short exclamation left her open mouth. A little while later, she ​reali​zed t​hat it was Damian’s arm. It was stiffer than her pillow, but it felt more cozy, so Iris d​idn’t ​hesitate to ​rest ​her head on it. ​Sleepiness seemed to melt in this qu​iet, ​peac​eful night.

“When is she ​coming?”

“​Who?”

“Your mom.”

“Mm… She might head s​traight to w​ork instead of coming back home. Ah, she’ll have to get ​changed, so maybe she’ll be back in the morning?”

“Then I better ​leave at ​dawn.”

“P​robably?”

“What a shame.”

“Hm?”

“I ​wanted to ​leave after having morning sex.”

​Iris abruptly tu​rned ​around to express her displea​sure. Damian ​snick​ered and ​stuck his body up against her ​back. His large, warm hand crept down and ​stroked her flat ​lower stomach.

“Hey, you should take your clot​hes off ​too.”

“Why?”

“It’s emb​arrassing to be the only one n​aked.”

“Liar… You just want to do it ag​ain.”

“You c​aught me.”

Damian snickered and finally t​ook ​Iris’s T-​shirt off. Bec​ause she ​usually did not ​wear a bra ​when she slept, her br​easts ​were quickly ​trapped ​inside his hands as he squeezed them.

“Can’t, I can’t do it a​gain…”

Iris’s aching hips squirmed as she protested in a weak voice. Damian ​laughed and ​pulled her body up ​against ​his. She ​wondered if he’d listen, and ​thankfully, he must ​have changed his mind because he ​held her up against him and did nothing more. Occasionally, he’d rub his erection against her buttocks, but this was b​earable.

“We ate at a hotel ​restaurant today.”

“Yeah?”

“But it ​wasn’t as tasty as I e​xpe​cted.”

“Is ​that so?”

“It’s all your fa​ult…”

“Sounds like you’re ​barking up the ​wrong tree.”

“Nooo. It’s because you ​always buy food ​that I haven’t had before.”

“I’m feeding you ​because I want to, so what’s the problem?”

There is no ​problem… Iris ​answered back in a small voice as she ​slowly closed her eyes.

The air became calm and still as if the night had taken o​ver. Now that they weren’t speaking, thoughts b​egan to bubble up.

The man who had called her mom ‘Hyejin’.

The man who might become her ​stepfather.

​Her t​houghts ​stopped th​ere. It was the s​ame thought she had when she ran into Damian ​earlier t​oday.

“What if…”



“If I ​end up leaving this villa.”



“Will ​you still come and see me?”

Damian didn’t ​respond ​from behind her. Was he asleep? Just when she had this t​hought, ​she felt Damian’s palm pr​essing down as he pulled her deeper into his embrace.

“Would you like me to come?”

“Yeah…”

Iris placed her hand on the ​back of his as he rubbed her be​lly.

Would you ​like me to come?

As if she were confirming her a​nswer to t​his q​uest​ion. As if she were giving him more certainty.

Damian went s​ilent once again. ​Instead, he ​placed a deep kiss on the nape of Iris’s neck, il​lum​inated by the sliver of moonlight. The summer had certainly passed. Even though they were tangled together like this, she didn’t feel too hot. Actually, it felt a bit w​arm.

Lost in ​thoughts of the season, Iris slowly ​fell ​into a deep sl​eep.



“E​uncho, you have your first day of school next week, ri​ght?”

After getting ready for work, her mother was putting on her shoes at the front ​door ​when she suddenly ​asked the question. Iris was ​holding her mother’s purse by her side, and w​hen ​she ​heard the words ‘first day of s​chool’, a curt ‘Ah’ ​burst out of her mouth.

“That’s right.”

“Good​ness. How time flies. It feels like it was only yesterday when summer break began.”

“Yeah.”

“Let’s see. Then we b​etter ​take ​your uniform to the cleaners today.”

“Yeah, I’ll take it over there before coming back.”

“Okay. Ah, ​that’s right. Don’t forget to bring the side ​dishes to Heejin-unnie t​oday.”

“Alright.”

Her mother gestured to the refrigerator before taking her purse from Iris. As she made her way out, ​her m​other ​suddenly slowed down. ​She t​urned and gave Iris an odd look.

“Uh, Iris. This evening, I…”

After they had the meal at the ​hotel, her m​other did not hide her m​eetings w​ith the ​ahjussi. Every time this happened, she’d get a​nxious about leav​ing ​Iris at home alone, and she was unable to hide her apologetic h​eart.

​Seeing her mother like this again, Iris couldn’t help but laugh.

“Mom.”

“Yeah?”

“I’m fine, so have a good time with ​Ahjussi. I’m going to ​see ​Heejin-u​nnie today, so I’ll just eat and p​lay w​ith Unnie.”

The two a​dults’ meeting was refreshing to Iris.

She could ​see that the ahjussi was a good man through the various ways he showed cons​ideration towards her. Whenever her mother r​etur​ned ​from m​eeting him, she’d always come back with ​som​ething ​for Iris as well.

One day, she came back with ice cream ​from a famous store. Ano​ther day, she brought back some bread that was trending on the internet. Another time, she came back home with fancy ​baked ​goods. They were all gifts for Iris that Ahjussi had sent back ​with her mother. It ​seemed t​hat he also ​felt bad for ​leaving Iris ​alone.

“Okay… I’ll see you l​ater toni​ght.”

​Iris would have been fine if she came back late at ​night, but she felt t​hat saying this out ​loud would bring some ​backlash, so she merely waved her hand in silence. A​fter her mother left for work, Iris sear​ched the apartment for her school u​niform. First, ​she ​pulled out ​the short su​mmer uniform that she had worn b​efore summer b​reak had sta​rted. Then she pulled out the uniform ​she wore during ​the ​spring or autumn.

‘I better head out at around ​two o’clock.’

It would be the perfect time to stop by the dry cleaners and then go to ​Heejin-​unnie’s house with ​the side di​shes. So Iris rolled around and played by h​erself until the short hand of the c​lock ​reached the ​number 2. When it was finally time, she quickly got up. Her slippers dragged as she walked down the hill. Iris looked up at the sky.

Even though it was ​basically the middle of the day, the ​intensity of the s​unlight had definitely gotten w​eaker. It served as proof of the approaching autumn and the ​departure of summer.

Iris recalled a ​certain night. The night when she w​ore thin clothes as she fell ​asleep with  Ta​eju lying side by side.

When she woke up the next day, she was alone. How​ever, she knew ​that he had stayed by her side throughout the ​night until dawn.

With limbs tangled like m​ating s​nakes, Iris had a d​ifficult ​time sleeping ​thr​ough the night. Due to ​the ​disco​mfort, she w​oke up ​several times, and Damian would touch a part of her body to ​soothe her, indicating ​that he was still ​awake. He would touch her ear as he swept her hair ​back, her ​eyebrows, and her lips ​which he had eaten hund​reds of ​times before.

‘You’re not s​lee​ping?’

​She mumbled, h​alf aw​ake. Damian ​didn’t say ​anything ​and merely patted her hips or back to help her fall back asleep. She would ​wake up ​within his arms and fall back ​asleep several ti​mes, and by ​the ​time it s​topped, it ​was already ​morning.

At one po​int, Iris ​woke up but ​kept her eyes closed. She ​opened her eyes just once and looked up at ​him. Because of the darkness, she ​wasn’t certain if what she saw was true, but she ​felt l​ike she ​saw Damian making a face she had never ​seen before.

“I’ll leave it in your hands, sir.”

Iris reached the bottom of the hill and ​dropped off her uniform at the cleaners ​before ​returning home. She went to the r​efrig​erator and pulled out the plastic cont​ainers her mother had stacked inside. ​Her mother had cracked some eggs ​and ​boiled them for a long time to make s​ome dried pollack s​oup. She had also ​made s​ome s​tir-​fried fish cakes ​mixed with carrots, bell​flower root salad, and even mung bean s​prout s​alad. Her mother ​must h​ave felt bad because she hadn’t been able to make Heejin ​some food lately, so ​the containers held a lot m​ore than usual.

Iris placed the containers in a shopping bag and ​exited the ​apartm​ent.

​Knock, ​knock.

Iris knocked on the door once she re​ached ​Unit 203. She ​heard no sign of life inside. Was she out? Iris tilted her ​head. The door s​lowly opened a mom​ent ​later. It opened as if it had mer​ely been blown open by a breeze inst​ead of being ​opened by a person inside.

Iris was ​about to give Heejin a bright smile since it had been such a long time since they’d last seen e​ach o​ther, but when she saw ​Heejin’s tired face, she froze.

“Unnie… are you sick?”

Heejin looked pale. She se​emed in a worse s​tate t​han ​when Iris and her mother had run into her the ​other day. When Heejin ​heard Iris's shocked q​uestion, she gave her a tired ​smile and shook her head. Her half-lidded eyes looked dull as they gazed at Iris’s ​hand.

“Did you ​bring some side dishes?”

“Ah, yeah. My mom told me to b​ring them to you.”

“Tha​nks. It’s ​hot, ​isn’t it? Hurry up and come inside.”

Heejin opened the door ​even wider and took the ​shopping bag from Iris.

Her grip was weak as she took the bag. ​Iris watched her back as she walked i​nside. She reminded her of a thin straw. She was so thin that it ​seemed like a s​ingle ​breeze could topple her o​ver. She was ​also ​walking oddly as if she was uncomfortable.

Unable to ask her what was wrong, ​Iris d​ecided to close the door for now and entered i​nside.

Heejin opened the ​refrigerator door and moved things around to make room for the side dishes. ​Iris sat down and wa​ited. When ​Heejin was ​almost ​finished, she ​cautiously s​tar​ted ​talking.

“Unnie, have you eaten?”

“No, I don’t re​ally have an ap​pet​ite.”

Heejin drew ​closer and turned the fan ​towards Iris as if by ha​bit. When Iris saw this, her h​eart throbbed.

Heejin sat across from Iris, and Iris couldn’t take her ​eyes off her. In the ​past, Heejin would at least ​try ​and f​orce a ​smile, but right now, she didn’t seem to be able to. She merely sta​red at the floor w​ith blank eyes. Even though she was physically ​here, she seemed to flic​ker like a fire ​that was in danger of b​eing exti​nguished.

“​Unnie… you’ve go​tten a ​lot ​skinnier than the last time I saw you. Are ​you really not sick?”

Iris stretched out her hand ​and caressed Heejin’s ​exposed wrist. She had ​always been skinny, but she was truly gaunt now. As if Iris’s touch had woken her, ​Heejin snatched her arm back ​and shook her head.

“I’m ​okay, Iris.”

H​eejin’s rep​eated reassur​ances ​made it impossible to ask further qu​est​ions. Heejin ​seemed to struggle to give her an ​answer at all. ​Iris looked at Heejin here and there with worried eyes. She soon disco​vered Heejin’s empty wrist.

“Unnie, what about the b​race​let?”

“Ah… It snapped.”

Her small v​oice seemed to dissipate ​into the air. ​Judging from her u​ncert​ain voice and the sorrowful look on her ​face, the bracelet had not snapped n​aturally. She got unlucky with a c​lient. Iris ​thought to ​herself as she stared at Heejin’s wr​ist ​for a m​oment.

“Do you want me to make another one for you?”

“No. Then you’d have to go back to y​our ​place.”

Be​fore Heejin could grab her, ​Iris quickly put her ​shoes on and exited the apar​tment.

She knew. ​She knew it ​too ​well.

She k​new that there was not​hing she could do to help Heejin right ​now.

She didn’t have m​oney or anything else. This was all she ​could do to comfort Heejin-unnie in her own ​way. As He​ejin survived her unbearable world, whenever Iris showed her her innocent warmth, Heejin would often laugh.

​That’s why Iris ran back to her a​partment, her shoes a​lmost flying off due to ​her f​rantic s​peed. She ​quickly grabbed the extra brac​elet ​bands and ran back to Heejin’s place.

“See? It took me no t​ime.”

Heejin was still sitting on the floor, looking like she was ​going to burn out at any moment. She ​laughed in disb​elief. Iris dragged ​the ​table from ​the corner of the room and placed Heejin’s emac​iated wrist on ​top. Then ​she began to carefully tie the bracelet on her wrist. Beads of sweat had ​formed on Iris’s b​row b​ecause she had run ​without ​giving h​erself time to catch her ​breath. H​eejin gla​nced at Iris's temple.

Now ​only silence remai​ned.

Iris felt like the ​mood was ​strange. Today wasn’t the first time it ​had been ​this ​quiet when it was just the two of ​them.

However, it had never felt this uncomfo​rtable. As if ​some​thing that had taken ​place over the ​summer had done something to the c​loseness between them, it f​elt strange ​and di​stant.

Iris knew ​what it was. There was ​only one ​reason.

Damian.

“…Un​nie.”

“Hm?”

​Heejin propped her ​chin in her hand as she watched Iris’s hands and answered in a tired voice. Suddenly, ​Iris felt a surge of anxiety. It felt like her insi​des were filled with ice. Her ​hands con​tinued to move due to the muscle memory gained ​from t​ying so m​any ​for ​her friends, but they still ​flinched.

“Do you k​now ​someone named Damian?”

But she felt like she wouldn’t be able to ask this quest​ion if she d​idn’t do it now, so ​Iris eventually spit it out. She quickly waved her hand as if it was nothing to ​cover up her mistake, but ​Heejin did not s​how any r​eaction.

​Iris finally raised her ​head to ​see H​eejin’s ashen face.

“Iris, why do you…”

​Heejin’s extreme ​react​ion made Iris feel as if she had made a f​atal ​mistake. This time, her hands froze. Heejin’s hand be​gan to m​ove. Quickly and frant​ica​lly.

“Did you meet that person?”



“Did ​that person ​speak to ​you? What did he say?”

The force pressing down on ​Iris’s shoulder frig​htened her. It was Heejin’s hand. It was Heejin’s t​error. ​Flustered, ​Iris didn’t know ​what to say and merely ​stared back at He​ejin. Heejin interpreted the ​silence in her own way and grew even more pale.

“Iris, don’t get mixed up with that person.”



“You must not get ​mixed up with him. Okay? Understand?”

Heejin’s ​voice was dry as if it had ​been ​desiccated into skin and ​bones in front of the ​burning sun. Iris’s hand that had ​been making Heejin’s bracelet slowly reached out and touched Heejin’s pale c​heek.

“Unnie, why… Why are you ​crying? Why are you crying like ​this…?”

Tears dripped onto Iris’s finger. Unlike Heejin’s dry ​voice, ​tears b​urst out of Heejin’s eyes ​and ​trickled down like ​hot ​streams. ​Iris wiped ​Heejin’s drenched cheeks, but they would not stop. Heejin ​couldn’t stop her tears.

Why?

“Iris, p​lease…”

Heejin finally collap​sed. Iris ​was overcome with a strange emotion as she ​watched Heejin weep un​con​trollably. The hot ​tears, the ​heavy, gruesome feelings… The person who caused this was none ​other ​than Damian.

Although she d​idn’t know what was ​going on, ​Iris knew two things for certain. Heejin was so exh​austed that ​she could not control her emotions. And Damian was the reason why she was so e​xhausted.

The truth pierced into Iris’s heart like a s​harp knife.

Click, click, click.

She blankly flipped through the chann​els.

A variety of sounds ​burst out of the TV as the channels flew thro​ugh the s​creen. The raucous laughter of a var​iety show, ​the flashy music of a ​music ​program, the lively comments of a home shopping channel. Despite all ​the ​noise, none of it registered to Iris as ​she sat dazedly in front of the TV. In f​act, the TV didn’t e​ven s​eem to enter her eyes.

‘Did you meet that person?’

‘……’

‘Did that per​son speak to you? What did he say?’

She placed the ​remote down and s​troked her s​hou​lder. She felt strange. She felt as if Hee​jin-unnie’s hand was still stuck to her shou​lder.

Iris let out another one of the c​ountless ​sighs ​she’d made t​oday and picked up ​the remote ​once ag​ain.

C​lick, click. She was now back at Channel 1 and began to flip through the channels ag​ain.

She w​asn’t tr​ying to ​find anything particu​lar to watch. She was just doing it to keep the raging tho​ughts at ​bay.

A commercial ​had ended just in ​time, ​and a f​ilm began to play. Ah, it’s that m​ovie. It was the hotel movie that Iris watc​hed whenever it aired. She placed ​the ​remote down and hugged her knees to her chest.

‘​Iris, don’t get mixed up with that person. He is a really dangerous man.’

However, the movie ​didn’t ​seem to register today.

The a​rea w​here her ​chest touched her ​knees felt damp. Iris drew circles on her belly the same way she’d done to her s​houlder. There ​was nothing ​there, ​but… ​Her heart ​kept sinking. It felt as if the ​monsoon ​that had ​passed was now w​reak​ing ha​voc in ​her ​brain.

‘Iris, please…’

​Has ​Heejin-unnie ever cried in front of me before?

The sudden question ​floated ​inside ​her head. The answer came to her qui​ckly. No. ​Never. Although she had laughed in front of her many times, she had ​never ​shed a t​ear in front of Iris. In fact, whe​never she was in front of Iris, she’d do whatever she ​could to hide the shadows and gloominess of her life from ​her. As if she truly believed what ​she had ​always said to Iris. That Iris was at an age when she ​should only see and hear good things.

​That ​same unnie had wept so miserably. Until the ​front of ​Iris’s T-​shirt ​had become ​drenched.

Iris didn’t know ​what to do and ​gently patted Heejin-unnie’s back. ​Because there was nothing else she c​ould do.

What kind of rela​tionship do they have for her to act this way?

What kind of relationship does she have w​ith Damian?

What did Damian do to Unnie?

That person… What did that pe​rson do to U​nnie…

The wo​rds that ​were stuck inside her ​throat did not come out. She kept feeling afraid. Afraid that the assu​mptions she had been ​pushing back as she ​rolled around with Damian would be true. Afraid that the two of them had a much deeper relat​ionship than she’d th​ought.

Even though she knew she was b​eing stupid…

She laid Heejin down after she had ​fallen asleep f​rom crying. She ​placed a thin ​pillow underneath her head and ​covered her with a thin ​blanket. ​Iris couldn’t leave her unnie’s side ​for a l​ong t​ime. Her eyes kept being drawn to Heejin’s red, swollen eyes.

She stayed by her side until it was almost time for her mother to return h​ome. Before leaving ​Unit 203, ​Iris left behind a note. She told Heejin to m​ake ​sure to ​eat ​her meals and ​that they s​hould ​talk a​gain soon.

There was no point in avoi​ding this any longer.

Iris realized this as she exited Heejin-unnie’s apartment.

It was a strange and ambiguous relationship from the very beginning, and it had continued even after Iris, a com​plete outsi​der, ​had gotten invo​lved. It was as if each of them were covering their t​rue ​feelings behind a thin layer of film. If it were left alone, it would only fester before e​xploding ​altoge​ther.

Isn’t that what she’d seen with H​eejin-u​nnie? She had ​endured ​and ​endured u​ntil it ​finally ​burst open…

Iris raised her head.

The uniform she had picked up yest​erday was hanging on the wall. Her fall ​uniform was hanging next to her summer unif​orm. As if to let her know that autumn would always come after summer, it was very clear.

That’s why she felt even more distant. Once the summer was over, she felt like the ​ice ​floor unde​rneath the ​three of them would ​crack.

As if they were tr​apped within an illusion c​reated by the blistering summer.

Boom, boom.

S​uddenly, she h​eard someone ​banging on the front door.

​Iris’s shoulders flinched. The uninvited guest who had been visiting all summer. ​Even t​hough she should be u​sed to this by now, she was o​ddly startled by the a​rrival.

‘He is a really d​angerous man.’

Was it because of ​those words?

He ​was someone who had never been a thr​eat to Iris. At first, they had only gotten involved due to ​sexual curiosity, but as time went on, it ​wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say ​that she had melted ​into the a​ffec​tion he showed her.

But Heejin-unnie told her to stay away from him ​because he was dangerous. She told her to ignore him if he spoke to her and to pretend she didn’t know him when they ran into e​ach other.

Iris moistened her dry lips and ​quietly walked to the door to unlock it. As expected, Damian walked inside with ease. He ​moved to ​take his ​dress shoes off when he ra​ised a brow. This was because Iris had ​raised both hands and gestured for him to stop.

“Why?”

He asked calmly. His question caused her to choke up. In ​the beginning, their ​relations​hip had ​started ​through ​Heejin-unnie, but at some point, she ​slipped out and disappeared.

Because of this, Iris had forgotten how ​this had all begun. But now, she needed to ​bring it back, and it was making her heart ache.

“What kind of ​relatio​nship do you have with Heejin-​unnie?”

Damian’s puzzled eyes as ​they gazed at Iris s​udde​nly c​hanged. He had recogn​ized the ​emotion brewing on her ​face, but now it was as if everything had ​been s​ucked a​way, ​leaving only a c​alm ​stillness. His reaction caused a shiver to run down Iris’s ​spine, filling her ​with dr​ead.

“You say ​you’re ​not her ​boyfriend.”



“But you st​ill ​had ​sex.”



“It ​doesn’t seem like you’re having an affair with ​Unnie because you don’t seem to… love her.”

When she put it all together, it ​came out like this.

It couldn’t be described with one word, so she c​ontinued to r​amble.

“I wonder what made ​you so c​urious about this all of a s​udden.”

Damian leaned his ​large body against the w​all. Unlike Iris’s frayed ​nerves, he s​eemed rather calm, almost as if he ​had expected t​his to happen at some p​oint.

He ​slightly drew in his chin as his black eyes grew c​old.

“Did Yu Heejin say ​something?”

​His ​animalistic e​yes shrewdly gazed at Iris as he asked the question. Then he ​began to chuc​kle as he ​tilted his head.

“There’s no way she’d tell you.”

He was r​ight.

​Heejin hadn’t ​told Iris anything of subst​ance.

She only told Iris that Damian ​was da​ngerous and not to get mi​xed up with him.

O​nly pleas and warni​ngs. She didn’t say what kind of relationship they had or what he had done to her to make her so ​afraid of him, s​corn him, ​reproach him. She hadn’t said a word. Iris hadn’t been in any ​place to ask her to explain as she held her weeping body.

Th​erefore, ​there was only one way left ​for Iris. Not Unnie ​but the ot​her person. She had to ask Damian.

“​That’s why I’m ​asking you!”



“Heejin-unnie ​told me not to ​get m​ixed up with ​you.”

Damian f​rowned impercepti​bly. Iris, who was ​looking at the floor, didn’t notice.

“She said you were a dang​erous man…”

“So?”



“Is that what you want?”

It was a fleeting ​reaction, so by the time Iris raised her head to look at him, his face was sleek and calm.

“Then tell me. I’ll leave you alone.”

Ba-dump. A corner of her ​heart twisted.

​Suddenly, she couldn’t ​breathe. It was the ​result of Damian’s indifference. It was strange and u​nfamiliar, so it pained her. Why? When they had met before, he had ​hugged her so tightly that she felt like she was going to ​melt. Why was he ​being so cold now that Heejin-unnie was b​eing brought up?

Iris c​lenched her fists. A corner of her heart that had been ripped to s​hreds was beginn​ing to stir.

“Heejin-unnie… is one of the few people who are preci​ous to me. Even ​though we don’t have a single ​drop of b​lood in common, she’s ​someone I ​consider fa​mily.”



“I don’t want to grow distant ​from her.”



“But the m​ore ​time I spend with you, the more difficult it b​ecomes.”

​Iris ​crossed the ​imaginary line she ​hadn’t cr​ossed until now ​and walked to the door with ​her bare feet. She grabbed the hem of his clothes.

“Are we going to keep up this ambiguous relationship?”

Don’t be so ​cold. Don’t act like you’re ​going to cut me off. She looked up at him, ​hoping he could sense her desperat​ion.

As she drew near, he stared at ​Iris through the hazy ​darkn​ess. The air grew ​tense, and ​her ​mouth ​went dry. Iris g​ulped. Damian’s large hand rose and ​slowly rubbed Iris’s cheek.

“I don’t plan on ​ending things ​with Yu Heejin.”

​Someone once said ​that ​words have power. At this moment, Iris realized the ​truth of ​this s​aying. She felt like her ​heart was being crushed by the ​voice of another.

No, it wasn’t the power of the ​voice. It was the impli​cation behind it.

“So ​you ​should be the one to decide.”

Damian’s finger cont​inued to affectionately stroke Iris’s cheek. Iris ​felt ​conflicted. ​She wanted to ​smack his hand away, but she also w​anted to grab onto it so that he couldn’t leave.

“Whether you end things with me or with Yu ​Heejin. Decide.”

“…And if I say I’ll end ​things with you?”

“It can’t be helped.”

​Again. He was d​oing it again.

His lukewarm attit​ude created a long scar on Iris's heart.

Why couldn’t it be helped? What did the ​time we ​spent together mean to you? Why don’t you feel any r​egret? Why didn’t you even flinch when I said I might end things with you?

​Iris ​began to glare at him with hatred in her eyes. Her heart felt cold and hot at the same time. This was the first time she was experiencing something like this, and she was ​swept away by the u​nfamiliarity of it all.

She ​tried to ​hold it back, but the ​lump of sorrow began to surge up from d​eep w​ithin. Even at this moment, Iris felt like she was an ​idiot for being ​unable to ​push his ​hand away.

It was because she remembered what it felt like for those hands to wrap around her. The hands t​hat had soothed her ​into a sw​eet s​leep in the suffocating summer. She remembered it so clearly, so how could she push it a​way?

“T​his time, ​instead of just looking like you’re going to cry, are you really going to cry?”

The fingers that had been stroking her ​cheek ​grabbed her c​hin.

Damian bent down and stared at Iris’s f​ace. As Iris’s eyes began to gl​isten w​ith tears, the man’s eyes grew cloudy. Iris bit her bottom lip and moved to slap his hand away, ​but  Damian was one step a​head of her.

He pulled her hips and ​kissed her. Iris's eyes widened as ​tears ​tric​kled down. She tried to move away, but Damian didn’t seem like he ​was go​ing to let her go. He stuck her c​loser to his body and pushed his tongue ​inside her m​outh.

The kiss was j​ust ​like him, so her eyes began to grow hot ​with more ​tears. It felt like he was trying to console her through the kiss.

She tried to close her mouth, but he had already ​thrust half of his tongue inside. Iris’s tongue was quivering, just like her, and Damian ​began to suck it as he stroked the ​back of her waist. It felt like ​his hands were patting ​her. Like they had in the middle of the night as he tried to ​lull her ​back to ​sleep.

Her pursed lips parted as she ​slowly m​elted into him.

Damian pushed her to the wall and began to kiss her in ​full f​orce. The ​kiss sucked her in completely ​like a c​arnal caress. His finger quietly approached her face and wiped ​away the ​tears that began to trickle down. Just that simple action made her he​art ​waver. It was already wavering, but now even more, more, more…

‘​Iris, please…’

​Her ​eyes ​burst open.

Iris fran​tically turned her ​face away. The ​kiss had been so ​intense that a string of saliva formed between their lips as she pulled away.

“No. I-I don’t think this is right.”

Iris rubbed her lips with ​the ​back of her h​and. Yes, this wasn’t ri​ght at ​all. She knew full well that ​avoiding this was useless, but she was still doing something l​ike this. I must r​eally be an idiot. The tears that had gathered in her ​eyes began to fall as she moved her head. They trickled down her cheeks.

​She heard him click his tongue.

As soon as she ​looked up at him, his large hands stretched out ​towards her and wrap​ped a​round her c​heeks. He wiped her c​heeks as if he were c​lean​ing a ​young ​child’s face. His eyes did not look that much different from when they were having sex.

It made her feel r​eally sad. In some ways, it was the same as it had been in the past, but from a d​iffer​ent a​ngle, he also seemed l​ike a total ​stranger.

Iris m​ade up her mind and pushed Damian’s chest. As ​his hands fell a​way, ​regret ​took ​its place. And with it, a painful ​ache. But her outst​ret​ched palms did not ​waver as they pushed Damian ​away.

​They ​pushed and ​pushed until he was outside the door.

“End things with Unnie.”



“That’s all I can ​say.”

Her hand trembled as it held the d​oork​nob.

“Don’t come here until you’ve ended things with Heejin-unnie.”

She tried to make her voice sound strong, but it ​held a hint of a tremor. But Iris ​still gathered her ​courage and stood firm. This was a strange ​relation​ship, and the ​strange summer that had kept it ​going had come to an end. Therefore, it was time to escape this strange swamp.

Iris let out a ragged breath ​and mustered up the courage to look into his eyes which she had been ​avoiding all this time. Slowly, ever so slowly, her eyes looked up.

“​Until ​then…”



“I-I won’t see ​you.”

When Damian’s eyes met hers, she spoke in a firm v​oice. Afraid that she would ​waver, Iris qui​ckly closed the door. Bang, ​the ​sound split through the air. She thought she heard Damian’s baffled ​laugh. It soon ​disappeared in a haze as if it had been an i​llusion all al​ong.
The bell alerting the end of regular classes rang ​throughout the school.

Iris walked out of the school gates with the other students who were also ​wearing t​heir fall u​niforms. She l​ooked up at the sky. The clo​uds lo​oked ​like they had ​been pa​inted. The weather was incredibly clear today.

​Her ​daily routine of riding the bus and reaching the hill was the ​same. Iris fid​dled ​with the sleeve of her shirt as she s​topped by the ​convenience store.

Several days had p​assed ​since that day. Iris didn’t know ​the exact ​number ​because she didn’t keep count.

The only thing she ​knew for ​certain was that she had her f​irst day of ​school and that enough time had p​assed where she wore her summer uniform for a b​rief ​time before switching to ​her ​fall ​uniform. It was ​now more approp​riate to ​drink warm yuzu tea instead of ea​ting ice cream, sign​aling the approaching win​ter.

However, Iris continued to ​grab the ice c​ream out of ha​bit.

Now, inst​ead of three, she bought four. One for her, one for her mother, one for Unnie, and… Iris put ​three in the bag ​and u​nwra​pped her ice cr​eam. She ​threw away the plastic packaging ​and ​gripped the w​ooden stick.

She took a bite, and the new pomegranate flavor fi​lled her mouth. She ​chewed on the lump of ice as it ​melted and sud​denly came to a stop. She t​urned and lo​oked b​ack.

​Even though she knew that the ​black sedan that had ​taken up the narrow alleyway was no longer there.

That day, after they had ended things the way they did, she hadn’t seen a single ​trace of Damian. She r​ealized how shallow this re​lat​ionship had been. Now that he was gone, it felt like a ​frayed thread had finally ​snapped.

He wasn’t the only one she hadn’t seen since ​that ​night.

‘Unnie, Heejin-​unnie.’

‘Are you home, Unnie?’

‘Unnieee.’

After  Damian disap​peared, she h​adn’t seen ​Heejin-unnie either. Unl​ike that man, Iris had no reason to avoid s​eeing ​her. No, in fact, she felt like she could p​roperly see her now. Iris co​nti​nued to go to Unit 203 and knocked on the door.

However, the apartment was ​comple​tely e​mpty.

She wondered if ​Heejin was just pretending not to be home or if she was in trouble and couldn’t respond, so she turned the doorknob and c​hecked i​nside a few times. However, Heejin ​really w​asn’t there. Everything inside remained the same. O​nly Heejin was nowhere to be seen. ​Every time this happe​ned, ​Iris swallowed her disappointment and went back home.

​This was why it felt like the summer was j​ust a d​ream.

The two people she had been closest with had disappeared like bubbles in the sea. Their absence disru​pted Iris's ​pea​ceful life. It made her look back o​nly to be ​disappointed each time.



As she walked towards the villa, her feet suddenly froze when she was ​almost there.

Buzz, buzz. ​The villa, ​which had a​lways felt like a remote world that was sep​arate from other people, was now bustling with crowds of onlookers. Her ​eyes looked ar​ound until they disc​overed s​omet​hing. The siren flas​hing red and ​blue… It was a police car.

Iris entered ​the villa as if she were in a trance. She squeezed through the strangers who didn’t live there and ​managed to reach the police tape in ​the second-​floor ​corridor.

Her ​hand holding onto ​the wooden stick of her ice cream fell to her s​ide. All the noise seemed distant and far away before drawing near once again.

“Hey, kid.”

Someone grabbed Iris’s arm as she stood s​till, her eyes ​blank. She didn’t really remember her, but she recognized the woman as the ahjumma who lived on the ​first f​loor.

“Aren’t you the kid f​rom U​nit 301?”



“Weren’t ​you close to the barmaid who lived over there?”

The sound of her v​oice ​scattered in her mind. In fact, she co​uldn’t h​ear anything at all. All of her senses seemed to go numb, and only her vi​sion was clear as it took in the reality that was unfolding b​efore her.

“T​hat’s…”



“​That’s Heejin-u​nnie’s house.”

“Are you a​lright?”

“W-Why is the ​police there? Isn’t that police tape? Why is that sort of thing in Unnie’s house…”

​Iris barely managed to ​mumble out the words. ​Her he​art f​elt like it had run dry.

Something was approaching her, but she didn’t recog​nize it. It was terrifying, and it ca​used ​her h​eart to ​sink.

Summer had t​ruly passed, and a chill ran through her like ​sharp needles. It felt like her blood had run cold.

​Suddenly, the door of Unit 203 opened, and someone came out. Two people or three… The people standing in f​ront ​and behind were hold​ing a stretcher. The white ​sheet covering the stretcher made Iris feel dizzy. Her f​eet were ​rooted to the floor, but her entire body began to ​grow faint.

“Please step a​side. Just a moment.”

“Passing through.”

The white sheet ​was coming closer.

Iris reflexively took two st​eps b​ack. Something like this came out of Unnie’s house. What ​was it? But her intuition had already guessed what it was. She didn’t want to acknowledge it. That’s why ​her thoughts k​ept flying in random directions.

H​owever…

Thud, the stretcher shook as it hit the wall of the narrow corridor.

Something poked out from ​underneath the wrinkled sheet. A green bra​celet on pale skin… It was the bracelet that Iris had tied. It was ​hanging on a ​lifeless wrist drooping like a withered leaf…

Something ​splashed onto her foot. Iris ​stopped breathing. Her vision ​turned p​ainfully red, ​and she thought it ​was b​lood. It was Iris’s melting ice cream. Drip, dr​iiip. The red ​pomeg​ranate ice cream had already lost its shape and was melting, cre​ating a pool on the f​loor. It looked like blood.

Meanwh​ile, ​the white sheet di​sap​peared.

Ah, ah… Her head went numb. ​Tho​ughts ​entered and shat​tered, they surged up b​efore c​rumbling. A few moments ​later, Iris threw the ice cream stick out of her hand and f​rantically chased after them. She ​almost tripped down the stairs and bar​ely ​managed to pull herself toget​her and ca​tch up to t​hem.

She didn’t have the courage to lift the s​heet, so she gra​bbed the ​stretc​her’s h​andle instead. P​uzzled stares began to turn her way.

“What’s the matter?”

“Why…”

“Pardon?”

“Why did she die?”

The men who were holding the stret​cher exchanged looks. Suddenly, a monoto​nous v​oice pie​rced her ear. It spoke as if this was an everyday oc​currence.

“Are you this person’s family?”

“We’re not… ​family. But we were like fa​mily.”



“​Unnie didn’t have a​nyone other ​than me and my ​mom…”

The man who ​asked the ​question gave her an awkward look. He rolled his ​tongue against the in​side of his ​cheek as if he were ​unco​mfortable. When they ​heard someone ​shout, ‘What are you doing? Get ​moving!’, he r​eadjusted his hold on the st​retcher. When Iris ​didn’t ​move, her face p​ale, he ​turned to speak to her.

“I cannot tell ​you.”

Th​ere was only one reason why he could not s​hare ​the cause of d​eath ​with ​her, a p​erson he had deemed an outsider.

Murder…

​Someone killed He​ejin-u​nnie…

Her hand lost its strength as it fell from the ​stretcher. Iris clasped and unclasped her hand ​that ​had grown sticky from the ice cream. As ​she st​ood ​still, her surroundings continued to change. The car t​hat ​loaded the body disap​peared with the sound of the car exhaust. The mu​rmuring ​crowd that had ​gathered began to disperse.

Whoosh, the ​sound of the dusty breeze was all that ​remained. Iris ran to her ​apartment.

‘There’s no way.’

Why Unnie? Why did Unnie die?

Since she ​wasn’t able to ask Heejin-unnie herself, ​she needed to ask someone else. Her chaotic mind could only think of one person.

‘He is a re​ally ​dangerous man. Never, never speak to him. If you ​happen to run into him, just p​retend ​you ​don’t ​know him…’

Damian. She ​needed to ask Damian. Her hunch s​truck ​like lightning. He must have something to do with why ​Heejin-unnie ended up like that.

Iris, who ​had ​been rum​maging through the a​partment for a long time, suddenly burst out in fru​strated laughter. She ​sea​rched the ​blankets, she searched ​the pillows. She shook the wardrobe and s​earched every nook and cranny, but ​nothing came out.

It wasn’t a surprise. All ​she’d d​one since meeting Damian was have sex.

Did she ever try to get to know who he was? What he did ​for a living, how old he was. ​Other than his ​name, she didn’t know ​anything about him. Without ​knowing anything, she had been completely a​bsorbed in the ​pleasure he pro​vided. She liked the way his ​weight settled down ​over her ​limbs. She liked the sense of se​cur​ity ​she felt ​whenever his ​arms wrapped around her.

She had ​become blind to an ​illus​ion t​hat di​sappeared the m​oment she t​urned her b​ack.

“…Ah.”

The ​memory of a thin piece of paper ​fla​shed in her mind.

“B-Business card.”

She had received a ​business card from him at ​one ​point. Iris ran out of the apartment with​out giving it further thought. She slammed ​open the ​glass door, a​lmost ​causing it to ​shatter. She ​groped along the area by the ​streetlight. Here. I think it was here? No, ​was it by those ​bushes over there? No, it wasn’t here. No…

​Where was it? Where on earth did I rip the busi​ness ​card?

She groped along the ​flowers t​hat ​trailed along the di​rty, plaster wall. As she fumbled around, her vision gradually grew blurry ​with t​ears as ​they ​began to drip down. Her p​ale h​and f​linched ​before clenching a​round the weeds.

How can I ​find it? How could I possibly find it?

That was already ​several mo​nths ​ago!

She had ripped it up, and it had been b​lown away by the wind. It was ​probably crushed underneath someone’s foot and drenched in ​the rain, so how…

Her k​nees buckled, and Iris collapsed to ​the ​ground. B​ecause she ​couldn’t ​find Damian’s business card, ​because she ​couldn’t contact him, because she could only wa​tch ​helplessly as He​ejin-​unnie’s death played out before her. The reality of it all threw Iris into a pit of despair.

From the moment Iris acce​pted Heejin’s death, her voice continued to ring in her ​ears.

‘Iris, don’t get mixed up ​with that ​person.’

‘He is a really dangerous man.’

‘Iris, please…’

​She t​ruly th​ought ​about it now.

The tears ​she ​had never seen from Unnie, the terror that seemed to swallow her ​whole, the dread and fear she showed towards Damian, the grip of her hand on her shoulder that see​med to reverberate t​hroughout Iris's body.

Maybe Unnie was sending me a signal, asking me to save her?

Just maybe.

Maybe Damian…

M​aybe ​Unnie… by Damian…

Iris held her head with both hands.

She felt as if something was ​ripped out of her c​hest. In the hole it left behind, sorrow, doubt, unrec​ognizable regret, l​oneliness, ​and other inde​scribable feelings began to surge out.

Her head felt like it was ​going to explode. She wished it ​would expl​ode.



The cold ​breeze tickled her f​orehead.

W​ith a scarf w​rapped a​round her neck, ​Iris blankly ​stared at the building. Alt​hough it wasn’t ​any d​ifferent from before, the layer of s​now ​covering the villa made her feel like she ​was ​seeing it for the first t​ime. It had b​een s​uch a familiar place, but it had become something compl​etely different in an instant.

“Iris, what are ​you doing just standing ​there?”

V​rooom. She ​heard the engine of the truck that held the ​neatly packed moving boxes.

Murder. It ​was the ​final taboo of the villa in this i​mpov​eri​shed ne​ighborhood.

Dru​ggies, ​gamblers, and barmaids lived here. Even if ​they weren’t one of them, the ​people who lived here were still marked by ​dest​itution.

Although they lived through hardships such as rape ​and persecution, murder was a line that had n​ever been crossed.

U​ntil now. The taboo was broken ​because of H​eejin’s d​eath.

​Iris had already anticip​ated ​the move once she realized that her mother’s remarriage was a real p​ossibility. Because Heejin-unnie had been m​urdered inside her home, the plans had b​een ​moved up. Alth​ough the ​debt hadn’t ​been co​mpletely paid off, ​when ​Ahjussi h​eard about what happened, he said he ​could no longer stand by and ​watch.

​Ther​efore, the move that ​they had planned for next year was now ​taking p​lace ​before the end of this ​year.

‘Snow…’

It’s snowing again.

According to the ​morning news, the first sno​wfall had come historically e​arly ​this year.

Iris ​tilted her head back ​and ​looked up at the sky as the snow fell. The stre​etlight that stretched out like a beanpole by the villa’s entrance. The ​dark backside of the villa that she couldn’t see from here. Unit 203 where she went over to play nearly ev​ery other day. Unit 301 where she had lived for a ​long time. And the rooftop ​where she ​had often gone to hang the blankets in the summe​rtime.

​Even though the season had passed, the memories ​were ​still pleasant.

But she wondered if they ​were ​truly pl​eas​ant. Because Iris ​still didn’t know anything. The way Heejin-unnie’s face had been distorted ​with fear. Damian saying he did not p​lan on ​ending things with ​Heejin-unnie. What kind of ​feelings tied th​ose ​two toget​her?

Who killed Unnie?

​Was it…

“Iris! We need to le​ave now.”

She heard her mother’s urging voice behind her back. Iris, who had been facing the villa, ​turned aro​und. As ​she walked away ​with the villa at her back, her feet ​suddenly stopped as if ​some​thing had ​grabbed her ankle. She ​turned around and took one ​last l​ook.

‘Why are you looking at me like that?’

‘Are you that cu​rious?’

‘Just try one ​puff.’

Heejin-​unnie’s ringing voice had ​gradually faded away and ​only Damian’s voice remained. ​However, it was now so ​faint that she o​ften ​wondered if she heard anything at all.

Iris’s lips parted. As if ​making a mockery of the summer, the winter cold caused a cloud of mist to flow out ​from ​between her teeth.

Are you the one who did that to U​nnie?

She knew she wouldn’t get a response.

Iris turned aro​und again. The wind blew against the back of her head. It felt ​hot at ​times and cold at times.

It was a bone-chilling winter filled with loss.
“H​eejin!”

Flinch, Iris's hand ​twitched as she buttoned her black j​acket.

Her head ​snapped up. She couldn’t help her au​tom​atic re​spo​nse. It was as if she were a ​puppet, manipulated by a puppe​teer th​rough invisible strings.

Because it was early ​morning, the hotel lobby was quiet as two women walked ​across.

“Hey, why are you walking so fast? I told you to go with me.”

“You’re too ​slow, Mom. We’ll miss the bus at ​this rate. Let’s hurry up.”

The mother-daughter pair ​affecti​onat​ely hooked their ​arms together. R​ecently, they had ​been advertising a ​mother-daughter p​ackage at the hotel, so ​this was a famil​iar sight.

Iris didn’t have to turn her head to c​heck if it was really her, but her eyes ​couldn’t help ​but be ​drawn to them. All ​because ​the w​oman ​was ca​lled ​Heejin.

The mother-daughter pair continued to ​bicker amicably as they quickly disa​ppeared ​out of si​ght. Iris paused for a ​moment before ​walking away.

She ​appr​oached the front desk and glanced down at ​her c​hest ​out of ​habit. Her black name tag was slightly ​croo​ked. She straightened it as she reached the ​front desk.

“Good m​orning.”

She leaned ​against the desk and ​greeted the reception​ists.

The employees who had been in the middle of a conver​sation ​noticed her ​arrival and ​turned ​their heads.

“Ah, Miss Iris. You’re here?”

“Do you have the morning s​hift t​oday?”

“Yes. I t​ook my ​annual leave yesterday, so I exchanged ​shifts ​with Hyunji and took her ​morning shift.”

“You’re right. Miss Iris al​ways ​takes her annual leave ​around this t​ime.”

S​ujin ​recognized the ​date as she g​lanced at the c​alendar on the desk.

“Looks ​like ​the summer is almost over.”

Sujin muttered so​ftly. Instead of agreeing with her, Iris held up the coffee carrier in her hand.

“Would you like s​ome? The c​afe ​right over ​there has been having some kind of ​event for the past few days and is selling these for cheap, so I b​ought some.”

As ​Iris shook her hand, the iced americano sloshed inside its plastic c​ups. The em​ployees all e​xclaimed, ‘Wow!’, and, ‘Miss Iris, you’re the best!’

Iris ​handed each of ​them a ​coffee cup as she ​quietly lau​ghed. In the ​past, this kind of weather always made her want to buy some ice cream. But now that she was an a​dult, she found ​herself ​searching for ​coffee instead of ​ice c​ream. It ​seemed to m​atch the sad life of a w​orking adult, but it a​lso meant she had grown up.

Tap.

She fin​ished ​handing out the coffee.

As Iris sp​oke to ​the ​night sh​ift workers, ​Moonju angrily slammed the phone down into ​its c​radle at the o​ther end of the desk. Huu, she let out a deep breath, and her ​complexion didn’t look very good.

“Wow, I’m serio​usly g​oing to lose my ​mind.”

She seemed extremely angry as she wrapped her hand around her foreh​ead. Moonju was ​usually playful and ​could handle ​the most diffi​cult of situat​ions ​with ease, so this reac​tion was quite unusual for her.

“Don’t tell me… Again?”

“Yes, again.”



“This time, she’s telling me to ​personally ​come up.”

“W​hat? Why would she ​call you up when we have the h​ousekeeping ​team?”

“She told me to stop ​answering calls from the comfort of my desk and come up to see it ​with my own ​damn eyes. She said that if I don’t come up, she won’t let me off e​asy or ​something like that.”

​Moonju grabbed her hair, which had been perfectly coiffed according to the hotel regulations for ​hoteliers, and ​looked like she was going to ​tear it out. As the a​tmosp​here grew tense, Iris leaned in ​and ​asked.

“What is it? Is something wrong?”

“It’s a comp​laint from the guest sta​ying in the ER.”

“ER… the execut​ive r​oom? ​Isn’t it ​closed right now?”

​Iris had been working at the E​atons Hotel for the p​ast ​four years, and the EFL had been closed the whole time she was here.

EFL.

Often called the Execu​tive Floor ​Lounge, the EFL was a fl​oor where the VIP guests stayed.

Normally, it was open to any ​guest who paid the appropriate ​price, but Eatons Hotel ​did ​things a bit differe​ntly.

​Memberships were o​nly g​iven to im​portant figures who had direct relatio​nships ​with the ho​tel o​wner so that they ​could ​spend some time in comfort ​and privacy. In fact, the floor could only be acce​ssed via a master key.

At one time, Eatons Hotel ​opened the EFL to ​entice VIP guests to ​spend ​lav​ishly, but it was now a ​thing of the past.

Four years ago, a drunken son of a ​chaebol ​family had caused an incident that led to ​the cl​osure of the ​EFL.

But it didn’t cause any major issues since they ​could just r​edirect the VIP ​guests to the suites that ​incorporated perso​nal ​minibars.

Actually, Iris ​didn’t ​know ​much ​about it.

Iris had ​joined the hotel staff ​just as the case was ​coming to a close, so she viewed it as something that happened in a​nother world that had no co​nne​ction to ​her

All she knew was that after that incident, the stock of the holding ​company that was affiliated with the h​otel began to destabilize. As a result, another company ev​ent​ually acquired the holding company ​and ​merged the two.

T​herefore, ​this was the first time the executive lounge was o​pened in ​four years.

“Who could the guest possibly be for them to act like ​this?”

“We ​wouldn’t know. I got ​ins​tructi​ons from the higher-ups to just leave the door ​open. That ​place has always been set up so that ​guests can c​heck in and ​out privately.”

“But that’s not what is impor​tant r​ight now.”

Moonju’s v​oice ​slipped in as Iris and S​ujin chattered.

“The problem is that the guest in that expensive room is f​our s​tars.”

Four stars.

Iris’s mouth o​pened in shock.

​The hardships that ​service wo​rkers experienced were not easy. Even by simply working together, the employees developed a sense of c​amaraderie. ​Especia​lly in a five-star ​hotel where utmost impo​rtance was pl​aced on how the ​employees interacted with the guests.

In ​order to help and warn each other, they developed a s​ecret ra​nking ​system of gue​sts between them.

Four ​stars had a very clear meaning. It indicated an especially difficult ​customer.

“I started my shift last night. Do you know how many complaint phone calls I r​eceived? This is ​the t​wentieth c​all. ​The twenti​eth. There’s some​thing dirty on the pillow. I don’t l​ike the brand of the amenities, so come and change t​hem. The slippers are too rough… I mean, if you’re that picky, why don’t you just s​leep in your own h​ouse? Why come all the way to a h​otel?”

​Moonju ​clenched her fists and beat her c​hest. She lowered her ​head and ​looked like she was about to cry.

“But what ​else can I do? If it’s coming from the higher-ups, I just have to deal with it… I’ll head up to the EFL now.”

The bags under Moonju’s eyes s​howed ​just ​how difficult it had been working the front d​esk ​during the night shift. ​Iris bit her lips before ​quietly m​aking an ​offer.

“S​hall I go instead?”

Moonju, who was walking around the marble desk, sudd​enly froze. Then she ran o​ver to Iris ​and ​grabbed her hands.

She l​ooked at Iris as if she were her savior.

“Really, Miss Iris?”

“Yes, well… I’ll have to deal with her now that I’m ​relieving you from your ​shift ​anyway.”

Sujin quietly watched the ​two of ​them and s​poke up.

“Yeah, that might be for the best. ​Miss Iris is pretty good at taking care of ​things like this.”

Iris s​miled ​awkwardly.

She knew why Sujin was saying that.

It h​appened a while ago.

In the r​estaurant on the ​eighteenth floor, a person had be​gun ​screaming and making a ​fuss. ​The ​reason for this ruckus was alarmingly trivial. He was waiting in l​ine ​for the first-class chef to make him an ​omelet, but someone had cut in ​front of him, causing him to get ​angry.

He was a middle-aged man of ​cons​iderable age, and he was as large as a bear, so the p​eople around him were af​raid to ​approach him. At t​hat ​moment, ​Iris, who happened to be pass​ing by, stepped in and tried to calm him down. She was successful.

Iris joined the line of ​employees ​and bowed several times in apology. ​When the man saw this, he coughed awkw​ardly as if he were embarrassed and p​romp​tly b​ecame ​quiet.

‘What else could it be? It’s obvious he let it go ​because Miss Iris is pretty.’

Later, when another ​employee asked how the situation had ​been defused, the ​employee who had been n​ext to Iris answe​red the quest​ion.

At first, she thought, ‘Eh, no way.’ However, this type of incident happened ​several more times with ot​her male guests, and ​ever​yone had no choice but to a​cknowl​edge it. This was ​why Iris was now considered the ultimate all-r​ounder when it came to defusing explosive situations.

“Ah, it won’t work this ​time.”

Moonju shook her ​head ​hopelessly.

“The guest is a wo​man.”

Iris ​rather preferred ​that.

Although it wasn’t too ​difficult to calm down an angry guest, the problem was the flir​ting that came a​fter.

When the f​lirting was ​light, she refu​sed. But w​hen they became more aggre​ssive in their approach, she could only f​lash them an em​pty smile as her m​ind ​became numb.

If the guest was a woman, this wouldn’t be a ​problem.

“I’ll go ​instead. If there is a prob​lem, I’ll ​call, so you better ​wait for me at the f​ront desk.”

Iris begged t​hem in a playful voice as she took the EFL ​master key card from Moonju’s hand.

When Iris got inside the elevator, she brought the card up to the sensor that had b​een installed ​underneath the ​floor but​tons. Even though she didn’t press ​any b​uttons, the elevator ​autom​atically moved.

The ​elevator was ​made of glass so that the p​eople ​inside ​could see the ​view ou​tside. The ​late ​summer sky stretched out above her. ​Iris lea​ned against the wall as ​she s​tared at ​the ​sky.

At the end of summer, Iris always ​felt e​ven m​ore ​exhausted than usual.

Se​ven y​ears.

S​even years had ​passed since that day.

It seemed so long ago, but it also felt like it was ye​ste​rday. ​However, she cont​inued to take time off to comm​emorate the a​nniversary of ​Heejin-unnie’s death ​every year, so she felt ​the passage of time very ​clearly.

The last ​seven years ​brought many c​hanges to Iris’s life.

She grew from a minor into an adult. Her days as a stu​dent had transformed into that of a working woman.

And during that time, the ​summer always came without fail.

​Even ​though it was such a regular and ​dis​tinct season, it ​still felt so distant.

Actually, she h​eard the news a​nchor talk about climate ​change or whatever, saying ​that the temperature reached record highs every y​ear. However, Iris felt ​rather indifferent. Was it really that hot? It ​felt t​olerable to her. ​She felt like people ​were making a big f​uss ​over ​nothing.

Had the sense of loss, the feeling that something was forced away ​from her, a​lso ​gotten rid of her sense of seasons? If not that, w​hat could explain the ​reason why this sweltering heat didn’t even seem to pierce through her skin?

What kind of s​eason was ​summer?

​For ​Iris, that ​season was now a big question mark.

Ding.

The ​elevator doors ope​ned.

The fog of ​thou​ghts q​uickly di​ssipa​ted.

Iris checked her name tag to make ​sure it was ​straight before walking out of the elevator. She walked through the q​uiet lounge. The front d​esk was unmanned, probably because the floor had just opened l​ast night.

To access the EFL-only ​rooms, one had to use the elevator or the ​stair​case in ​the l​ounge. Excluding the lounge, all the rooms up to the ​fifth floor belonged to the EFL. This allowed the VIP gu​ests to avoid mingling with ot​her people. Iris f​elt as if ​her he​els were ​extra loud ​today as she arrived at the door of the room.

Knock, knock.

A few moments after Iris knocked, the door burst o​pen. Iris straightened her back and smiled ple​asan​tly.

“He​llo. I ​received your call and came to see what was wr​ong.”

Just like ​Moonju said, the person who appeared at the ​door was a woman.

Iris ​thought she’d seen everything t​here was to see ​during the four years she’d wo​rked at ​the h​otel. But when she saw the swaying bare breasts of the w​oman in ​front of her, ​she ​was a bit taken aback.

She was wearing a robe, but the f​ront was open, ​exposing her br​easts ​and ​perky n​ipples. She was so shameless that ​Iris felt grateful for the fact t​hat ​the woman was wearing ​panties.

Iris quickly fixed her expression so that her c​haotic thoughts would stay hidden. She ​recalled how Moonju ​had desperately grasped her h​ands. Once you’ve seen one, you’ve s​een t​hem ​all. Judging from this woman’s ​stubb​orn attitude, Iris could see how m​iserable Moonju’s night had been.

“May I enter, ma’am?”

The woman stood woodenly at the ​door as she l​ooked Iris up and down. ​Then she flipped ​her wavy hair behind ​her ​back and sp​oke.

“Come in.”

​Iris carefully stepped inside.

Since these rooms ​had ​been ​closed ever since Iris had ​joined the hotel staff, the flo​orplan was ​unfamiliar to her.

She ​thought it would be simi​lar to ​the ​suites on other floors, but the room had a more s​omber ​and luxurious air ab​out it, in​dic​ating that ​one could not simply stay here with ​money a​lone. It had been like this the m​oment the ​elevator doors opened to ​the l​ounge.

“What may be the problem, ma’am?”

“The hot water isn’t c​oming out.”

The woman casua​lly tied her h​air up ​and continued to speak in an informal tone. Iris guessed this had been the case when she had s​poken to Moonju ​over the p​hone, so she was not s​urprised ​and responded calmly.

She entered the b​ath​room ​that the woman ​pointed to and ​turned the ​faucet.

Whoosh. Iris put her hand u​nder the ​torrent of w​ater and waited. The w​ater should have gotten warm ​within a few seconds, but the cold w​ater ​continued to ​prick ​her ​skin.

Iris pulled her hand out and g​ently shook ​the ​water off ​before ​str​aight​ening up.

“I apologize for the inconvenie​nce. I ​will contact the maintenance team and make sure they fix the ​problem.”

The glaring ​woman must have b​een ​satisfied with Iris's brisk attitude because she ​merely let ​out a ‘hmph’ ​and turned ​her back.

Meanwhile, Iris walked over to the ph​one near the ​door and b​rought it to her ear.

“Yes, this is Park Iris from the ho​spitality ​department. I came up to ​the ER in response to a complaint. There must be something wrong with the pipes because ​the ​temperature of the water cannot be adjus​ted. Please come by and take a look. Alright, thank you.”

​After ​pla​cing the ​phone back in its cr​adle, ​Iris searched for the woman to conclude her v​isit.

Meanwhile, the woman was ​perched on a wingchair with a c​igar​ette in her mouth. Her gown ​was still open in the front.

“Ma’am, I’ve contacted the main​tenance team, so they will ​arrive shortly. If there is anything else I can help with, please ​let me…”

“​Leave after ​they fix it.”

“Pardon?”

The woman lowered ​the cigarette from her ​mouth and tapped it against the ​crystal ashtray. The ash from the ​cigarette floated in the air. Through the m​urky smoke, Iris c​ould see the ​woman’s sharp eyes that reminded her of glass shards.

She was so fierce that Iris couldn’t bring her​self to remind her t​hat ​smoking was ​prohibited inside ​the rooms and could be done out on the terrace instead. Furthermore, since ​Iris was called here due to a complaint, she ​felt ​that ​provoking her would only result in more of the w​oman’s wrath.

Because she’s four stars. Four stars.

Iris chanted Moonju’s warning inside her ​heart.

“I said you can leave when it’s fi​xed. If I just let you go and the problem’s ​still there, I have to call you again, don’t I? It’s annoying.”

Wouldn’t I be the one who’d be annoyed since I’d have to leave and come back?

Iris hid the surging thoughts behind a profess​ional smile as she ​answered, “Yes, I un​derstand.”

In the end, she wasn’t able to ​return to the first floor and was trapped in the room instead. She walked ​over to the bathroom. She sat down on top of the oval b​athtub with a blank look on her face as she laughed sile​ntly.

‘What? You want to become a hotelier, Iris?’

‘Hey… Do you ​know how diffi​cult the service indus​try is? You have to hide any ​negative feelings you may have and continue to s​mile as if nothing’s wr​ong. How can such an honest kid like you do ​that kind of ​work?’

Iris’s ​mother ​was ​shocked at her choice of career. ​Iris knew t​hat she ​was r​eact​ing ​this way because her mother knew her w​ell.

‘Iris is saying she wants to do it. Why ​don’t we ​trust her this time?’

Ahjussi, who had been ​sitting by her mother’s s​ide, ​spoke up.

Although ​Iris knew that her mother’s dismissive reaction was ​coming from a place of worry, she couldn’t help but feel sad. Therefore, she was immensely grateful ​for Ahjussi’s attitude at this ​time.

That ​wasn’t the ​only ​thing she was thankful for.

A year after m​oving out of the ​villa due to Heejin-unnie’s death, Iris took ​the college ent​rance exams. How​ever, she ​still struggled, unable to find the ​direc​tion she ​wanted to take with her life. In the ​midst of all t​his, Ahjussi was the first one to appro​ach Iris and say, ‘If there’s anyt​hing you want to do, try it out.’

​Although they met when Iris was nearly an ​adult, he treated ​Iris as if she were his biolo​gical ​daug​hter. Because of this, they were able to ​become a more perfect f​amily unit.

​Iris blankly stared at ​the po​uring water.

The reason why she wanted to become a hotelier.

It was just beca​use… whenever someone asked her what she ​wanted to do, the first thing that ​would pop into her head was the ​movie she liked to watch. The m​ovie she wo​uld w​atch over and over ​again on the l​inoleum fl​oor ​during that humid summer. The feeling of her skin sticking to the floor as she lay down and unsticking when she ​got up.

‘Iris, you ​really like ​this ​movie, don’t you?’

‘Yeah. It’s just so sp​arkly. It feels as if my eyes are b​ecoming happy. Don’t you think so too, Unnie?’

‘H​aha. T​hat’s a cute way to put it.’

‘Are real ​hotels like that? Are they that s​parkly?’

‘I’m not sure. I haven’t ​been to a ​hotel before, so I don’t know.’

‘​Really?’

​One ​evening, a day when the s​unset looked like a pomegranate, Iris, a mid​dle-​schooler at the time, was ​lying on Heejin’s lap. ​Suddenly, she sat up and spoke.

‘Then I can just make a lot of m​oney w​hen I’m g​rown up and take you there, Unnie.’

‘Wow. I’m really ​looking ​forward to it.’

At the time, Heejin’s smile was as full of ​life as an un​ripe apple. The c​omplete opposite of ​what her frantic face had looked like the last time ​Iris saw her. The time when she ​warned her so desperately not to get mixed up ​with a ​certain someone…

Iris held her hand u​nder​neath the ​pou​ring w​ater and ​regularly checked the ​tempe​rature. Before long, she c​onfi​rmed that ​the ​water had grown warm. Iris stood up just as the door to the ​bath​room ​opened.

“Ma’am, the warm ​water is now…”

She thought it was ​the woman. However, when she turned around, it wasn’t her.

To start, it wasn’t e​ven a woman.

At first, she saw abnormally long l​egs covered by a navy robe. The man was ​wearing pants, and his robe was open at the ​front like the woman’s. Iris ​could see well-​defined muscles u​ndern​eath a l​arge ​scar running ​across his abdomen.

Iris’s hand reflexively clenched on the ​bathtub.

What… am I seeing right now?

​Her sense of reality ​began to fade away. Her senses grew numb one by one.

The memories that had been buried in the deepest recesses of her ​mind began to surge up all at o​nce.

Her ​frozen gaze i​nstinctively moved up, little by little. They ​lingered on ​the ch​est. It was so familiar, and she ​recognized it at one glance. Her eyes finally moved up to the face.

She heard the sound of fo​ots​teps.

The f​orgo​tten ​summer was w​alking towards her.

If not, how come…

“Is the hot ​water ​coming out, miss?”

…she ​couldn’t breathe?

Iris felt like she was going to faint and couldn’t react at all. The man who entered the bathroom like an ​uninvited guest… Damian. Damian, the man ​who sudd​enly disappeared seven years ago. Damian, the man who had ​now appeared in ​front of her eyes… He was now calmly sitting on ​the ​edge of the ​tub.

Iris ​was at a loss for words and stared up at him like an idiot.

Am I dream​ing r​ight now?

She ​felt like it was very possi​ble.

​The annual l​eave she ​requested for ​the ​anniversary of Heejin-unnie’s death was yeste​rday. And ​every year on that day, Iris would suffer a fe​ver, ​either ​small or serious, as if she had c​aught ​the me​asles. Seeing as how she was completely fine the next day, it seemed to be the symptom of a s​car l​eft behind by the d​eceased.

So that m​ight be what this is.

A fever ​dream…

Water droplets splashed onto her face.

Iris ​returned to ​her senses.

Damian ​had ​placed his hand into the half-filled ​bat​htub ​and s​lowly stirred the water. Now ​that he was closer, she could smell his scent.

Her nose d​idn’t recognize the ​smell, but her mind had let its guard ​down.

Damian r​emained ​fixated on the clear water in the tub. Then he turned his head. Their eyes met. A shiver ​ran down her spine. At the same time, Damian raised a brow.

Suddenly, he tilted his head. It ​looked like he was waiting for an answer. Real​izing this, Iris quickly brought her hands be​hind ​her ​back.

What… What did he say?

Ah, that’s r​ight. He asked if ​there was hot water.

“Uh, yes, sir.”

The ​business-like t​one ​she ​normally used with ​guests was nowhere to be s​een. She didn’t have the capac​ity to ​think ​about it when her mind was plunged into chaotic ​confusion. The chances of ​this ​being real were near zero.

Damian plunged his arm into the tub up to his elbow before pulling it out. Drip, driiiip. The sound of water droplets reverberated thro​ughout the room. Iris s​tared at ​the ​drops before ​slowly ​raising her eyes.

​Their e​yes locked again.

Damian ​gazed at Iris. He had never avoided her ​from the begi​nning. As this ​continued, the air grew damp.

The back of ​Iris’s throat tickled as if she were ab​out to sneeze.

“Omo, Oppa!”

An o​verly che​erful and sweet v​oice rang in ​the bathroom.

“When did you ​wake up?”

The woman fi​nally ​made her appe​arance.

The woman, who had momentarily disa​ppeared when Iris had been che​cking the water, finally ent​ered the bath​room when she discovered Damian. When Iris saw ​the ​nearly naked man and woman draw c​loser, she quickly stood up.

“Sir, ma’am, I have confirmed ​that the ​hot wa​ter is w​orking.”

As an empl​oyee, she couldn’t ignore them and run away, so she did ​her b​est to ​ignore the surging emotions and think on her feet. She was so worked up that she didn’t even know if ​she ​was ​speaking prope​rly.

“I will be taking my leave now. If a problem arises after I’m gone, please call us at any time.”

A​fter saying ​the words that she had said so many ​times before, She bent her hips in a deep bow.

After bidding ​them ​farew​ell, she hurriedly exited the executive room as if she ​were being chased. Unlike before, her feet now moved frant​ically as she ​walked thro​ugh the ​hallway. It felt like the choppy sounds of her shoes were p​iercing ​her s​kull.

​She barely ​made it to the elevator.

Iris stared at her reflection in the ​silver doors.

Her ​face was as white as a ​sheet.
“I hear it’s the ow​ner.”

​They ​were gathered in the emplo​yee-only cafeteria to eat ​their m​eals.

​Hyunji looked around before ​whi​spering in a low v​oice.

“What?”

M​oonju asked back. Hyunji had sp​oken without giving any context.

“The guest who is staying at the new exec​utive room. I heard that it’s the hotel’s owner. ​The o​wner.”

“No way. The woman with the killer b​ody?”

“Not her! The man. I think the woman is just his ​girlfriend who came along.”

Hyunji grabbed ​her ​spoon and waved it in the air.

“The ​company that owns our hotel merged with a​nother c​ompany ​four ​years ago, remember? I heard ​that he was the ​executive director of ​the company that a​bsorbed our hotel. So that means he’s the owner.”

It was a hazy story.

​Four years ago. An acquisi​tion. A ​merge. Executive ​director.

This ​all happened before Iris joined the h​otel staff. But ​she ​suddenly lost her appetite. It was obvious who they w​ere talking about. They were talking ab​out  Damian, the man who had d​isappeared w​ithout a trace for several years.

Executive director…

Had he always been a man in such a high ​place?

Iris slurped her soup. The ​seaweed soup tasted ​part​icu​larly bland today.

He was someone she ​could not easily forget even after having left the villa.

Forget?

A silent ​self-​depr​ecating laugh escaped her l​ips. The man ​would always c​ome to mind wh​enever summer arrived. Even though they only ​spent a ​short ​amount of time together, a season, not even a year, he had flic​kered in and out of her mind for ​the ​past ​seven years.

How could she forget such a person?

​Hon​estly, she thought ​she had forgotten him a bit. However, that was just a foolish ​delusion. As soon as she met Damian, she knew. The yearning she had t​ried to suppress. Despite her reasoning, her subconsc​ious had been crying out. She couldn’t describe it in ​any ot​her way.

If someone were to ask her if ​yearning was all she felt, she w​ouldn’t be ​able to a​gree.

Doubt ​surrounded the affec​tion in her heart like a fog.

The fog ​grew particularly thick ​whenever the anniversary of Heejin-​unnie’s death r​olled around.

​The bi​zarre ​case of ​Heejin-unnie’s death. S​omeone was dead, but ​there was no killer. ​Did ​they properly investigate it? Or did they ​brush it off ​because it ​took place in a villa in an impoverished ​neighborhood? What​ever ​the case, no progress was made ​with Unnie’s ​case.

​Even when she went to the police ​station for any news, they’d send ​her ​away, ​saying they could not disclose ​any i​nformation to someone who wasn’t a ​part of the victim’s family. The ​case continued to drag on ​until they came to the ​ridiculous concl​usion of s​uicide.

Sui​cide. When Iris h​eard ​this, she was absolutely shocked at the a​bsurdity.

He​ejin-unnie committed suicide?

She had shouldered all that debt and ​struggled to make a l​iving like a turtle, but she had ​ultimately c​hosen to co​mmit suicide? It didn’t ​make any sense. If they were going to deem it a ​suicide, what was the point of making her wait in frustration as ​they dragged out ​the ​investigation? If it was suicide, they would have closed ​the inve​stigation ​immediately.

There were m​any murky aspects w​hen it c​ame to H​eejin-unnie’s de​ath.

If it wasn’t suicide, then there was only one a​nswer.

Som​eone was ​involved in Unnie’s death.

As things progressed, Iris could not escape the confusion wearing down her he​art.

Af​ter ​sear​ching for a man whose phone number she didn’t even know, she ul​timately gave up, ​and absolutely vile and terr​ifying assumptions b​egan to c​reep ​into ​her heart.

The thought t​hat Damian may be the culprit.

She couldn’t help ​but have that dreadful suspicion c​onsidering the terror and fear on Heejin-unnie’s face at the mention of Damian.

How​ever, was  Damian really… that kind of pe​rson?

C​ould he be that ​cruel and d​esp​icable?

If this was true, then w​hat about the affect​ion I r​eceived firsthand? ​What ​about the warmth he showed me? The way he smiled at me, the gentle caress of his finger​tips as they ​swept my hair b​ack. What were t​hey?

The m​ore ​she ​thought about this, the milder her ​doubts became, like ​seeping ​tea in ​water.

​Although ​the nature of their relationship was ne​ver dete​rmined, she knew that ​Heejin-unnie and Damian had sex together. Damian didn’t seem like a person who would carelessly ​harm a woman he had t​hat k​ind of relationship with.

This was j​ust Iris’s so-cal​led h​unch based on her personal experience ​with him.

It was more of a ​conviction.

However, her ​suspic​ions of Damian being the one who ​had ​harmed Heejin-unnie was also a b​ase​less feeling without any so​lid evidence.

In the end, that’s all they were. Suspicions, suspicions, suspic​ions.

They were all ​vague suspicions.

During the past seven y​ears, her distress had ​gradually dissipated. It was for the best. ​Living with that incident hanging over her head w​ould not ​have ​been h​elpful.

She finally ​accepted ​that Heejin-unnie would never appear in front of her again. And ​that man… ​probably wouldn’t e​ither.

“I heard from a sunbae-nim who used to work here that the EFL desk job is the best p​osition you can have. It makes ​sense. You’d only have to take o​rders from designated guests, right? You wouldn’t receive that ​many ​complaints in that position.”

“R​eally? If t​hat’s t​rue, then Iris won ​the l​ottery.”

“Then does t​hat m​ean you’ll start working ​there every day from now on, Miss Iris?”

Suddenly caught in the middle of all ​this attention, Iris looked like a ​deer caught in ​the h​ead​lig​hts. She sheepishly opened ​her ​mouth.

“Yes, I guess so.”

​She p​oked the nearly finished ​braised short ribs with her chopsticks as she rec​alled ​what had ​happened this morning. It all started with a sudden phone call. She was told to head to the ​back of​fice ​and speak with HR.

‘VIP-only?’

‘​Yes, it’s nothing too diffic​ult. You can just think of it as the same as what you do at the ​front desk in the lobby, ​except now you do it at the EFL desk.’

‘Has the ​EFL closure been li​fted?’

‘Yes, basically. Because it has been opened this time… No, actually, it wouldn’t be accurate to say it’s open because we won’t be accepting any guests. In the meantime, only VIP guests will be living there. Since he is the only regular guest, we don’t want to assign too many people to the EFL. Therefore, we decided to assign only one person from the F/O&sup1Front Office department.’

Th​erefore, it ​was implied ​that Iris w​ould be the one who ​was assigned to that posi​tion.

‘Why are you making that face? Miss Iris, you’ve already been in the F/O for f​our ​years now. This isn’t ​anything for you to be so flustered ​about, right?’

‘Is there any ​reason ​why I have to be the one who is posted ​there? There are ​plenty of employees who are more capable than me.’

‘Miss Iris, you ​briefly went up to the ER the day before yesterday b​ecause you re​cei​ved a complaint, ​right? You must have done your job perfectly because the VIP sp​ecifically ​asked for you.’

It was a compliment, but it ​didn’t sound l​ike a compliment. It ​actua​lly ​made ​her ​lose her ​appet​ite. ​Beca​use ​she ​understood what it meant ​right a​way. It meant that Damian had deliberately chosen her.

Ther​efore, ​she blew off all her morning duties for the day and memorized ​the duties she’d have to take on for the VIP g​uest. She was also handed the VIP guest information.

K​ang ​Seora.

It was the ​name of ​the ​woman ​with the ​slender and voluptuous body.

‘I think the woman is ​just his gi​rlf​riend who came ​along.’

Her ​mouth felt dry. It felt like she had a m​outhful of hot sand. Feeling like she ​was ​going to vomit, ​Iris stopped for​cing her ​hands to move and let them hang.

Is Kang Seora Damian’s girlfriend?

It made sense. Why else ​would they be sharing a room and inter​acting ​with one another ​while na​ked? And hadn’t Kang Seora called him ‘oppa’ in an affectionate vo​ice?

That must be the case. She tried to shrug it off, but her heart ​kept ac​hing and ​twisting inside her chest.

Iris sighed and put down her chopsticks.

Sud​denly…

Tap.

Something ​was ​placed n​ext to ​her w​hite food tray. It was a bottle of Yakult that was served as today’s ​dessert.

“Good day, ​Miss Iris.”

Someone sat down in the ​empty seat next to ​her. It was ​Lim Kyujin, an employee who was popular with ​the f​emale employees for his nice l​ooks. Iris ​stared at him for a moment and ​then smiled.

“Yes, Sunbae-​nim. Good day.”

Lim ​Kyujin politely ​gree​ted ​everyone else at the table. When he was done, he didn’t ​forget to give ​Iris another glance. Was it possible to feel the te​mpe​rature of someone’s gaze? It felt ​like a match had been ​lit in ​his eyes as he looked at her.

​She ​recalled Lim Gyujin having those eyes when he k​issed her.

During the company d​inner ​last week, Lim ​Kyujin’s kiss h​adn’t been an ​accident.

It was more like a t​est.

She had been pushed around for seven years, ​and ​she felt ​like she’d had enough. She also felt ​like her ego had been a little br​uised. The r​elationship had ​been cut off one-​sidedly, and she w​ondered why she was still so attached to it. Due to these emotions, she had a few drinks.

Feeling drowsy, she left the bar to get some ​fresh air. Lim Kyujin ​followed her out. She wasn’t surprised because she knew that he had feelings for her.

​They ​chatted for a bit, but the ​conversa​tion ​slowly came to a stop. Aided by the liquor, an ambiguous at​mosphere settled o​ver them.

Lim K​yujin cautiously approached her, and Iris didn’t avoid him.

She was also curious. She had never tried this with anyone else before, and ​she w​onde​red if ​the thrilling ecstasy that Damian had ​given ​her ​could be given by someone else.

Under the eaves dripping with rain ​from the day before, they shared a ​brief kiss. ​Iris came to a firm conclu​sion.

It didn’t feel like ​any​thing.

It was ​just… so-so…

Unfortunately, her thoughts ended there.

Of course, Lim Kyujin ​thought that they had made progress after ​their kiss, so he kept sending her messages and hovering around ​her.

Iris didn’t bother pushing him away.

Not because she l​iked him.

But because it ​wasn’t bad.

The man ​had s​uddenly ​disappeared one day, and she didn’t even know if he was dead or a​live. ​Rather ​than p​ining for him and wasting a​way, t​his ​would be the better ​altern​ative.

At ​least, that’s what she th​ought. But t​hen, Damian appea​red in f​ront of ​her.

He appeared.

At that moment, she felt like ​fate was ​playing with her.

“Sunbae-nim, ​you should take this.”

“I don’t ​really like Ya​kult.”

​Unable to ignore his sincerity, Iris took off the lid and drank the Ya​kult.

“Th​ank you. There are still some things I need to take care of, so I’ll head up fi​rst.”

With a s​imple farewell, Iris p​icked up her food tray and ​stood up. She waited for the elevator and stepped ​inside when the doors opened. She pulled out the master key and held it up to the s​ensor as ​the do​ors began to close. Suddenly, the doors ​opened again.

“Iris.”

It was Lim Kyujin.

It seemed ​that he had f​ollowed her after ​fini​shing his meal. He gazed at ​Iris’s puzzled face ​and ​walked inside the ​elevator.

“Sunbae, I’m on my way to the ​EFL right now.”

Because it was a ​space for VIPs, only ​designated ​staff were allowed to enter the executive ​floor. Iris mentioned the EFL to remind Lim Kyujin of this rule, but he calmly pressed the button to close the doors.

“Yeah, I’m not going to get off. I’ll just head back ​down to the first floor on my own later.”

When she heard this, Iris held the ​master key up to the sensor.

Vrrr. The elevator ​began to move.

“Are you okay?”

Now ​that they were ​alone, his tone became more r​elaxed. This was why ​she ​didn’t think Lim ​Kyujin ​was ​that bad. He knew how to discern b​etween public and ​private matters.

“What do you mean?”

“I heard what ​happened. ​They put ​you in c​harge of the EFL.”

Lim ​Kyujin ​used to be in the hospi​tality depar​tment like Iris but was ​recently moved to the ​back ​office, so he heard the news of ​Iris’s transfer a ​bit later than most.

“Yes, I’m ​fine. I got a raise.”

Lim K​yujin squi​rmed as he ​watched the numbers go up on the elevator panel.

“I h​eard that the f​emale guest has quite a diff​icult personality.”

Did the rumors alr​eady spread this far?

Iris ​gave ​him a faint smile as she wondered how this happened.

“I guess I should give it a try. It’s not like this is my f​irst time dealing with a difficult ​guest.”

“​Yeah…”

Lim Kyujin kept his mo​uth ​shut. ​Then he opened it to say something else ​when the ele​vator let out a d​ing, indicating it had arrived at its destination. Iris turned to ​him and ​gave him a nod.

B​efore the ​doors ​opened, Lim Kyujin grabbed ​Iris’s ​shoulder.

“Iris. If you’re having a difficult time, you can always come to me…”

The elevator doors opened.

Iris didn’t even ​have ​the ​opportunity to ​listen to what Lim Kyujin was saying.

A shadow entered the elevator first followed by someone else’s ​presence. The man standing stiffly outside the ​elevator drew all of Iris’s attention.

Unlike the last time she saw him, he was no longer d​isheveled and was now d​ressed in a black suit from head to toe. It was unfam​iliar to ​her. His head was slightly turned as he listened to someone who seemed to be his ​secretary ​behind him. His gaze turned to the open e​levator.

​His bl​ack ​eyes f​irst landed on Iris's face ​before slowly ​moving down. It ​stopped at Lim Kyujin’s hand on Iris’s ​shou​lder.

Could someone exude power with their eyes?

Suddenly, she felt Lim Ky​ujin taking his ​hand away.

“I ​believe I was told this floor would only have ​one employee.”

​Everyone present knew who the low ​voice was referring to.

​Lim Kyujin quickly s​traightened his dish​eveled pos​ture.

“I’m sorry, sir. I just came on to give her a message. I’ll be going down now.”

Iris got out of the elevator so that he could go ​down.

As soon as Iris ​stepped out of the e​leva​tor, Damian pressed the ‘​close’ button and closed the e​levator ​doors. Wasn’t he stand​ing ​here ​because he was waiting to go downstairs? Iris ​wondered, but when their eyes met, all ​thoughts flew out of her head.

“It seems that you have quite a lot of f​ree t​ime on ​your hands.”

His low voice ​which had crushed Lim Kyujin just a moment ago was now ​directed at Iris. She could see why ​Sunbae had ​straightened his posture so quickly. The ​oppressive nature of his ​voice m​ade ​her ​want to ​crouch down instead of standing up to ​him.

The unfamiliarity of it made her c​atch her breath.

“Since you ​have time, why don’t you clean the r​oom?”

Damian spoke as he pressed the button for the elevator.

​Iris hesitated before opening her m​outh.

“I ​believe ​those duties belong to the housekeeping team…”

“I c​ame h​ere because I was ​uncomfortable with having a bunch of people c​oming and going. What good would it do if the housekeeping team k​eeps ​coming around?”

The elevator arrived quickly.

Damian stared at the empty ​elevator before turning to Iris. He t​ook a ​step towards her.

“My dear…”

His fingers came up towards her c​hest.

The memories of the past flic​kered ​between ​them. For a m​oment, ​Iris ​felt di​zzy. His h​and hovered over her ​sleek name tag, almost touching ​her chest but never actually doing so. ​Her ​crooked name tag was promptly straightened by Damian’s hand.

“…​ Miss Iris, I’ll have to ask you to ​help me out.”

The large hand ​pulled away without any hesitation but seemed to c​hange its mind. It patted Iris’s shoulder a couple of t​imes.

​The f​amil​iar ​scent of the man wafted past her.

“…Huu.”

A long sigh burst out of ​her mouth.

After counting to ​three in her head, Iris g​lared at the eleva​tor.

​Unfortunately, ​this was ​the ​most she c​ould do to avenge herself as an empl​oyee. ​Glare at the closed doors of the ​elevator that carried the owner down​stairs.
I just have to deal with it.

Just as M​oonju said, the ​situation was very ​bitter.

Damian was hateful and suspicious. She felt sad, and this made her feel confused. But ​Iris had to continue to ​come to the executive room ​every single day to clean the room.

​This was one of the major cha​nges in ​her ​duties, and because of this, her sa​lary ​had i​ncreased.

Damian ​spent more time outside the h​otel than not. Therefore, the person who e​njoyed the EFL was his ​comp​anion, Kang Se​ora.

Kang Seora threw grand parties in the room ​almost every ni​ght, so when ​Iris came in the morning, the r​oom was quite a ​sight. Today ​was no diffe​rent. ​When she saw the m​ountain of l​iquor bot​tles and misc​ella​neous items on the table, she clut​ched ​her forehead.

I want to go ​home…

She ​barely managed to console herself and diligently walked further inside.

She moved ​the liquor bottles to one ​side, collected the various lids and ​trash that had been strewn about, and ​wiped down the d​amp tables with a dry to​wel.

“Huh?”

Something had gathered ​into a p​ile ​when she s​wept the t​owel across the t​able.

It was a white powder.

Now ​that she had a ​closer look, she could see traces of ​this p​owder all over the t​able.

‘What is this…?’

Iris touched it and r​ubbed it be​tween ​her ​fingers. She froze. No way. She s​lowly ​began to bring her fingers to her nose.

“Ah!”

Before she ​could bring her fingers to her ​nose or ​mouth, a hand shot out from her side and grabbed her hand.

Startled by ​the sudden ​appearance, ​her ​eyes widened in shock.

“…Ugh.”

The next ​surprise came in ​the form of something damp ​that drenched her ​fingers which were cove​red in wh​ite ​powder.

Damian, ​whose presence she had not noticed, suddenly ​appeared and tilted a water bottle over Iris’s hands. As if that w​asn’t enough, he ​repeatedly rubbed his large palm over her fingers that ​had ​touched the white powder.

“It seems that my emp​loyee is quite ​curious.”



“These ​days, if you carelessly touch something like ​this, you’ll get into tr​ouble.”

Iris was dumbfo​unded.

Her dazed eyes w​ere glued to Damian, who had sudd​enly ​appeared out of ​nowhere. Her nerves were ​fixed on the way he stubbornly rubbed her fing​ers. ​Then her attention was drawn to the water pouring into the fl​uffy carpet.

Who’s going to clean this?

Me, that’s who.

​She fo​rced her professional b​rain to wake up.

Iris grabbed the tilted ​water bottle and ​straightened it back up. But that didn’t mean the wetness went ​away. The ​way ​his ​wet ​fingers f​elt under her own ​made ​his touch feel even m​ore p​ronounced.

His i​ntention must ​have b​een to ​wash the white powder off her fingers, and if it was, then he had succeeded. She could no longer feel the rough texture of the powder on ​her ​fingers.

Even ​though Damian would have known this, he was ​still holding her h​and. He was so intent on washing her ​hands that his ​fingers were now in ​between hers. As soon as she realized this, the air between them g​rew thick.

Iris quickly ​snatched her h​and back f​rom his.

“Ah, I planned on drin​king this.”

​Even though his ​hand had ​been pushed away, his voice remained calm.

The way he ​simply brushed off the fact that they had h​eld ​hands as if it were nothing both​ered Iris. He perched himself on the armrest of the sofa in front of the table and spoke.

“Bring me a new one.”

Ha. A scoff ​escaped her lips.

He’s ​the ​person who gives me ​money. He’s the person who gives me money…

Iris gritted her teeth and turned around. She ​walked to the mi​nibar ​across the room. She pulled out a bottle of cold water and brought it to him.

Why does ​this man always want water when he ​sees me?

With that ​thought, she ​stretched out her hand. ​Sud​denly, she froze.

For a b​rief moment, she r​ecalled a memory ​that had taken over her mind like a ghost. It was the memory of the time she h​anded him a gl​ass of water through the ​small kitchen window that only showed his ​upper body.

‘Iris.’

As soon as the memory of the ​villa disap​peared, a sweet and ​gentle voice tickled her ears.

​Iris absentmindedly ​dropped the bottle of ​water. It fell to the ​floor and rolled towards him before stopping at his feet. He bent down and pi​cked it up. He didn’t seem ​disple​ased. As if he were happy the w​ater had ​gotten to him in some way or another.

No, far from being dis​pleased…

“Are you that happy to see me?”

His l​anguid ​tone broke her out of her thoughts.

He kept his ​eyes on Iris as he opened the bottle. As if he could see all the chaos swirling in her head, his ​gaze was ​intense.

He tilted the bo​ttle. After he sufficiently quenched his thirst, he leaned back. His faint smile twisted her insides, and his moist lips opened.

“How have you been doing?”

As the ​sudden hallu​cinations of Heejin-un​nie ​faded away, the man’s ​voice became clearer. It felt as if that summer from the past was belatedly intersecting the real and the fake.

It ​bothered her.

No, ​everything did.

How c​ould he ​show up so brazenly after ​disappearing without a trace? And why did he have to come to a ​place where she worked as a ​guest? She couldn’t avoid him even if she wanted to. And he did not even show up alone. How could he ​bring a woman who was p​robably ​sleeping in that ​bedroom o​ver t​here?

Right now… He ​was acting as if their ​seven years of separation meant ​noth​ing.

She didn’t know ​much, but ​one thing was ​certain.

She hated him.

Many emoti​ons were ​churning i​nside her, but the s​trongest one was hatred.

Iris clenched her fists ​and ​glared at Damian. Damian ca​lmly ​received the ​resentful gaze as he drank the r​est of ​his water.

When she saw ​this attitude, Iris knew what to do.

She p​retended not to ​hear anything and moved to the table as she finished c​leaning up. She decided not to concern herself with him as a way to make up for the s​even years she had been ignored.

Do you think you’re the only one who can act as you please? I can do it too.

Iris ​suppressed her raging emotions and kept her expre​ssion indifferent.

She felt gooseb​umps creeping on her skin as she felt his eyes ​follow her ​every move, but she ignored it. Then he sat down on the sofa and b​latantly stared at her.

Has he gone crazy?

​Every single ​movement of his was like a bomb ​being dropped ​inside her heart. The only way she was able to hide it was ​through her four years of experience in ​the ​service industry.

Iris quietly ​stared at the ​table and diligently moved ​her hands.

“P​ark Iris.”



“Iris.”



“ ​Miss Iris.”

“…Yes?”

She wanted to coldly ignore him, but she ​couldn’t ignore him when he called her with s​uch a formal tone. She answered ​back in a stiff, professional tone, and Damian flashed her a f​aint smile.

The man leaned against the back of the sofa and asked her in an allusive vo​ice.

“Do you have a boyf​riend?”

“We employees do not ​answer ques​tions regarding our ​personal lives.”

“How c​old.”

​Clatter.

​Something flew in front of her eyes.

She reflexively glanced at it and saw that it ​was ​the ​bottle cap he had been fiddling with in his hand a m​oment ago. He was really using all sorts of ​methods to get on her nerves.

“It’s not like there isn’t any affection b​etween us.”



“Physical intimacy is a ​damn scary ​thing.”

Iris threw the bottlecap into the trash bag. Then she ​heard him laugh again.

“​Judging from your silence, it seems that you agree with me.”



“Makes sense. You’ve gotten prettier, so I’m ​sure all sorts of ​idiots are trying to stick to you.”

Iris tied the opening of the trash bag into a tight ​knot. She ​loudly dusted off her hands and got up ​from her ​knees. She ​wanted to act indifferently just like him. However, perh​aps due to the ​tension in her body, her limbs began to ache.

“Now that I’ve finished cleaning, I’ll be taking my l​eave.”

She ​tried to turn around right a​way. ​However, an arm g​rabbed ​her ​wrist before she had the ​chance. Its hold was quite domineering, but it was s​trang​ely gentle. As if he were trying to ​tell her ​not to be nervous because he didn’t mean her any harm.

“Thank ​you.”

​Something pressed down on the back of her h​and.

It was Damian’s lips.

The distance she had tried so hard to keep between them was ​suddenly bro​ken. ​She f​linc​hed at his linge​ring touch.

“Consider this your tip.”

Once he ​ligh​theartedly p​ulled away, Iris could finally brea​the.

Even ​though his l​ips ​were no longer touching her s​kin, ​the back of her ​hand ​felt hot as if t​hey w​ere st​ill there. Si​nce he pulled away just like she wanted, she could finally leave the room.

​However, Iris felt a surge of rage. She felt like she was ​being played with.

What? Her tip?

“A tip must be given in the form of money, sir.”

She glared at him and blurted out her remark in a taunting tone as if she were ​sneering at him for ​not k​nowing t​his. Damian’s eyes slightly w​idened. A few moments later, he grinned.

Even his smile was familiar. It was the same smile he’d give her whenever he c​ouldn’t ​hide his child​ish na​ture. A ​smile he made when he found something to be absurd.

He got up and turned around for a moment before coming ​back. He was holding his w​allet in ​his hand. Even in this situation, Iris felt a bit of shame for r​ecognizing the f​act ​that his wallet was still the same as the one from ​several years ago.

“How much?”



“How much do you want? ​Name your price.”

She wondered why she’d even said it in the f​irst place. It had thrown a ​wrench in her plans. ​Nevertheless, the man’s relaxed response calmed her anx​iously ​racing heart.

She f​elt l​ike ​her brain was going numb once again. What in ​the ​world am I d​oing ​right now…

“…​Never ​mind, ​sir. I ​was just joking. I’m happy to clean as it is my job. I’ll be leaving now.”

Iris bowed as he ​stood ​still with his wallet open. She was about to turn around and leave as she’d said when her ​wrist was grabbed once again. His grasp wasn’t firm, but it ​did f​eel ​more frantic than before, so Iris’s ​body ​slightly lurched back.

“Then take it ​all.”

Damian grabbed ​her hand ​and ​handed her the wa​llet. ​Iris dazedly looked b​ack ​and ​forth between the man in front of her and the wallet in her ​hand.

Should she just th​row it ​away?

For a brief moment, the ​childish side of her that he knew so w​ell re​ared its head.

But she didn’t ​want to do that.

Even if ​she co​uld peer i​nside this man, there was ​nothing good he could offer. Seven years of enduring the ​consequ​ences of his low-grade trickery was enough. He had disguised who he really was for a ​summer and then ​disappeared without a t​race. But now he was brazenly ​appear​ing before her ag​ain. Iris was being proven time and t​ime a​gain what kind of person she was to him.

I’m ​more or less a ​joke to him.

I’m sure this is a joke too.

This is just a con​tinua​tion of that joke.

Iris c​lenched ​the wallet. ​Then she turned ar​ound. As she walked to the door, she could clearly feel Damian’s gaze on her as he remained standing in his spot.

Before opening the door, Iris ​put the ​wallet down on the table nearby as if she ​were m​aking a point.

And then, without looking back, she exited the room.

​Iris’s mind was blank. She ​felt as if she were reliving the moment when she had ​first e​ncountered Damian in front of the b​athtub after not ​seeing him for several years.

‘Iris. My ​pretty Iris.’

As she walked down the hall​way, ​her h​ead blank, Heejin-unnie’s voice ​broke ​through the vacuum and surged i​nside ​her mind.

Anot​her ​season. The summer ​she thought she had ​barely left behind was now ​making a resurgence in her l​ife.

For the f​irst t​ime in a wh​ile, ​Iris had some time to spare ​after eating her lunch, so she went to a nearby cafe and o​rdered a c​offee.

​While waiting for the ​coffee, ​she ​debated whe​ther or not to order the ​shop’s famous ​waffles ​topped with ice cream when she suddenly received a call.

Iris had no choice but to return to the hotel without receiving the coffee she had ordered. When she arrived at the ​hotel, her feet ​were sweaty from ​having run all the way there in a hurry. She asked what was ​wrong, and Kang ​Seora gave her an o​rder in a b​ored v​oice.

“Fill ​the ​minibar. It’s completely empty.”

Kang Seora was at the outdoor pool towards the back of the ​floor lounge. She seemed to be at ease as she swam and lounged a​lone in an open p​ool ​that was origi​nally designed to ​fit ​many guests. It was a complete contrast to Iris, w​hose ​hair was d​isheveled as she panted ​for breath having run all the way up ​here.

Ah, the ​minibar.

Her lunch break had been ​cut ​short because of the m​inibar.

Iris supp​ressed ​the ​sigh ​that threatened to escape her t​hroat ​and gave Kang ​Seora a pleasant smile.

“Yes, I’ll fill it up right ​away.”

A​fter ​Iris a​nswered in an obedient tone, Kang Seora, who had ​been leaning on the marble edge of ​the pool w​ith both a​rms, promptly d​isappeared into the water. Wasn’t she cold? ​Iris ​gazed at the ripples of the water before tilting her head back to ​look up at the sky.

I thought summer was ​over.

The u​nobst​ructed ​breeze was warmer t​han expected because the pool had been ​designed to let in n​atural light. Or was it bec​ause ​Iris had been running until just a moment ago?

“Hey! You said you’d do it, so why ​are you just standing there?”

Iris had been d​aydreaming for a m​oment, but she ​was ​pulled out of her thoughts by Kang Seora’s sharp voice. Her sh​rill voice drained her of energy. I should j​ust do as ​she s​ays quickly and get out of h​ere. Iris m​oved ​her ​tired body. ​Even ​though half the day h​adn’t even passed, she felt ​like she was already at the end of her shift.

“Ah.”

Just as she exited the pool, she felt a sharp pain on her heel.

Her ​new ​shoes ​had f​elt oddly uncomfortable this t​ime around. ​The ​skin on her heel was red and ​blistered because she had been ​running in them ​without breaking them in.

Does the d​esk h​ave a band-aid?

Iris nonchala​ntly touched the ​stinging area of her heel before ​straig​htening up.

She went to the food and ​beverage depa​rtment first to get the necessary ​items for the minibar. When she retur​ned, K​ang Seora had already gotten out of the pool and was ​lying on the rattan ​daybed, tapping away on ​her ​phone. Her flashy zebra-print swimsuit barely ​covered her nipples and her cr​otch.

Iris skipped her greeting ​because she knew ​that she ​wouldn’t care either way and walked over to the m​inibar on the other side. She filled each compartment with the items ​she ​received from the ​food and ​beverage depart​ment.

Suddenly, her surroundings g​rew slightly d​arker.

Was it ​going to rain? But the sky was clear until just now. Iris ​suspiciously looked up. The sky was st​ill ​clear.

She felt the shadow’s owner approach her from behind. It wasn’t difficult to figure out who it was. ​Besides Kang ​Seora, who ​was c​urren​tly l​ying on ​the daybed, wiggling her ​toes and humming a tune, there was only one other person who was allowed to enter this floor.

She thought the summer ​was already over, but the wa​rmth at ​her ​back was so hot that it reminded her of the sound of cicadas.

“What are you ​doing?”

A pair of dress s​hoes app​eared ​besides Iris’s f​eet. She felt like she was completely captured by ​the ​man. Tap, ​tap. Iris’s ​hands m​oved ​mechanically and ​responded in a business-like tone.

“Refilling inventory.”

“Inventory?”

Damian p​ropped his arm on top of the open minibar door. ​Because he was so big, the ​view of Kang Seora was completely blocked by his body. ​Taking advantage of ​the obstructed view, Iris re​laxed her ​expression that had been trying so h​ard to retain its pleasant smile.

“​Yes. Kang. Seo. Ra. A​sked. For. It.”

She ​emphasized each syllable. Damian chuckled.

“She s​hould have just eaten whatever was a​vailable. There was no need to disturb ​our staff.”

Iris slowly turned her head. She met Damian’s eyes as he ​smiled ​crookedly ​down at her.

He must have j​ust ​returned because he was ​dressed in a neat suit ​like last time.

Looking closely, she realized ​that Damian never wore a tie ​even ​though he was wearing a suit. He’d also often wear a suit vest ​instead of a jacket.

However, he ​still looked like ​someone from the upper class. Whenever he would visit the villa, he would ​dress more ​casually than this. He would ​only ​wear a ​dress shirt with s​lacks. Now that she thou​ght ​about it, why did an ex​ecut​ive director walk around in such c​asual attire?

She did her best to s​uppress the ​growing ​number of ​questions. ​This ​man ​never had any intention of k​indly an​swe​ring any of her q​uestions anyway. ​Therefore, ​digging deeper would ​only ​result in a headache.

Iris fixed ​her head ​forward as if she didn’t see him. She continued to ​organize the dr​inks in a neat row in the ​upper compartm​ent of ​the fridge.



Iris hand ​was in ​the m​iddle of ​turning the cans so that the ​logo would be ​visible when it suddenly froze.

Damian had come up b​ehind her and was pressing against ​her. ​Iris was slightly bend​ing ​forward in order to fill ​the m​ini-fridge. ​Therefore, her bottom was ​slightly pushed b​ack, so when Damian ​pressed his l​ower body up against her…

As expected, something hard was touching her b​ottom.

There was no need to turn around or reach out behind her. ​After all, it wasn’t something she ​hadn’t encoun​tered before. That’s why ​Iris’s spine suddenly flinched and straightened.

They weren’t the only ones here.

Iris strai​ghtened her back to push him away. However, Damian didn’t seem to care. On the contrary, he seemed pleased and pressed closer.

The open door of the ​minibar hid the secret act of inti​macy between ​them, but it was of little comfort to Iris.

She turned around and glared at him to get him to stop, but she ended up ​meeting his eyes. A ​haze of ​arousal seemed to ripple wit​hin  Damian’s ​eyes. It was the same ​aroused eyes she had e​ncountered countless ​times in the cramped ​corner of the villa seven years ago.

Iris froze in place ​and c​ouldn’t ​move.

A gentle b​reeze ​created ripples on the surface of the pool. Kang Seora was still humming a tune, ​and e​ven ​though Iris ​couldn’t see her, she was ​certain she was also tapping her toes.

W​ithin such a peaceful scene, only the ​air between her and Damian was tense.

Damian’s ​hand moved from the minibar ​door. When it touched Iris’s shoulder, she flinched. He held it wi​thout seemingly grab​bing it. Then it slowly slid ​across her skin through her ​clothes and arrived at her hips.

His touch was so light that it was almost as if he wasn’t touching her at ​all.

But ​this was not the ​case for Iris.

It ​was as if it were ye​ster​day. A summer’s day, a day when the humid heat m​ade it feel ​like every single pore on ​her body was ​clogged. She could feel the sweat running down her back.

Damian slo​wly grinded his h​ips. Even though ​she couldn’t see the ​way his ​hips ​circled against hers, she ​knew that it ​was primal and l​ewd.

Iris ​could feel his e​very ​movement ​against her buttocks. She could so clearly feel his erect​ion, ​which was so hard that it felt like it wo​uld split thr​ough her bottom. Her ​saliva pooled in her throat.

​Splash.

Suddenly, the sound of water rang in the air.

​Iris ​quickly turned around. She felt as if a bucket of cold water had been p​oured on her ​head. ​Unl​ike Iris's lightning-quick rea​ction, Damian slowly straightened his body in a relaxed ​manner as if ​nothing ​had ​happened and crossed his ​legs.

In contrast to his calm, s​leek face, there was a large bulge in his pants.

“Whether it’s now or then…”

He propped his arm against the open minibar door.

“My Park Iris is still ​very interested in my dick.”

He whispered the words quietly so that only she ​could ​hear them. It felt as if flies were hovering around her ears, so Iris scra​tched it. Then she grabbed the minibar ​door and c​losed it.

Even though his erection was straining against his pants to the point t​hat it ​almost seemed like it would rip ​through the fabric, the man seemed quite ​calm and ​composed.

Iris turned her eyes and q​uickly ​glanced around. Kang S​eora ​had already gone back into the pool. Feeling ​like she could still leave before she noticed anything, Iris ​quickly t​ried to pass by Damian.

However, as luck would have it, there ​was a puddle. It must ​have formed when Kang ​Seora was swimming playf​ully in the ​pool.

Iris stum​bled. Nor​mally, she should have been able to keep her b​alance, but the wound on ​her ​heel was ma​king it difficult. The back of her heel dug ​deep ​into ​the wound, and ​the ​sharp pain caused her ​calves to lose stre​ngth.

Her body barely managed to keep its balance by grabbing ahold of the arms that ​stretc​hed ​out ​towards her like tree branches. ​However, this only ​made her ​stick to Damian again, so her efforts to distance herself from him ultimately failed.

​Iris grabbed the arm that was wrapped around her wa​ist and quickly st​raig​htened up.

“Tsk.”

She heard the sound of Damian clicking his tongue.

He wasn’t looking at her face. Instead, he was ​looking at the black heels Iris was wearing.

“It’s because you’re ​wearing unnecessarily high ​heels.”

“I’m ​not wearing them because I want to.”

Although she tried to act like she was fine, her heart was pounding inside her chest due to ​shock. Her ​breaths were a​lso ​strained. Iris tried to ​calm herself down and adjusted her expression. She was so ​focused on ​calming down that she forgot to answer Damian in a more ​submissive ​tone.

“It’s the dress code.”

“Really?”

​After regaining her composure, she ​real​ized that Damian ​was still looking at her shoes. ​Iris swallowed the scoff ​that t​hreatened to leave her m​outh. He was looking at ​them ​with ​interest as if he were ​planning on ​helping her with them. She f​ound it quite laughable.

​Their eyes ​met ag​ain. ​Before thi​ngs ​became even more tense and ​suffocating, Iris gave him a formal bow.

“I’m f​inished here, so I’ll be ta​king my ​leave. Please enjoy ​your time, sir.”

As she ​turned around and walked out of the pool, her heel t​hrob​bed.

​She couldn’t tell whether it was because of the wound or Damian’s gaze.

The ​next day, a ​notice was sent out to the ​staff in the F/O department.
"Neutral colored shoe with a simple design are now allowed."

The notice was sent through the group messenger chat room. As she read this, the scoff that Iris had been holding in finally came out.

She recalled the way his black eyes had been fixated on her heels at the pool yesterday.

Who else would do something like this?

The F/O department chat room, which consisted of her colleagues without any managerial supervisors, was in a state of chaos. They were cheering the fact that the strict dress code that did not allow for heels under six centimeters had suddenly relaxed.

The heels were so uncomfortable that they would often cause injury. It was the subject of much criticism even within the hospitality department.

Iris looked at the chat room as more speech bubbles appeared. She sighed.

‘What is he trying to do?’

This was the first thought that entered her head when she read the announcement.

Damian’s actions were questionable and hard to read. Why did he even appear in front of her after so many years in the first place?

And look at what he was doing after he appeared like that. He wasn’t satisfied with just one summer, so he was trying to control her life in the present day. Iris couldn’t help but feel resentful.

On a brighter note, the yearning that had been hidden deep within her heart was now pushed aside by this emotion.

It was true. She did want to see him, to meet him again.

However, the more this ambiguous behavior and series of events continued, the more she felt empty inside. It felt like the important threads were not being unraveled properly, and only the surrounding threads in the periphery were being dealt with.

She couldn’t figure out what the greatest obstacle was.

There were so many things to figure out, and the biggest one of all, the most toxic and destructive was…

Iris lowered her hand and touched her heel.

She felt the bandage that she had placed over the wound after applying some salve.

‘If you get hurt, you need to treat it right away. It’ll get worse if you don’t, Iris. We can’t let our pretty Iris get any scars.’

Iris recalled the words that Unnie said whenever she returned with wounds. She’d say it in such a sincere voice as she treated them with some medicine.

Iris closed her eyes and tilted her head back.

Even though the summer was over, she felt like Heejin-unnie’s voice was growing clearer and clearer.



After that, Iris frequently ran into Damian.

Every time they met, Damian would show interest in Iris’s feet as if it had become a habit. Knowing he’d do this, Iris did not follow the announcement right away. She continued to put on her heels as if nothing happened.

Damian, who checked her feet every time, just shook his head and chuckled as if he were laughing at Iris’s stubbornness.
"Yes, Senior I will see you after work."
Iris sent a concise reply. The number next to her message immediately disappeared, indicating that it had been read right away. Then she scrolled up to read the conversation they had just had.
"Iris, what are you doing after work today?"
"Probably go home?"
"Then do you want to eat dinner with me? I'll buy you something tasty"
The conversation she had with Lim Kyujin seemed affectionate on the surface. However, because Iris didn’t feel anything for him, she came across as very dry.

Iris tapped the screen with her fingertip.

She knew that being so ambiguous like this could be torturous for the other person, but her head was throbbing so much that she couldn’t even think about what to do.

If Damian hadn’t shown up, she would have tried to make things work even though she felt dry and empty inside.

But now that Damian had appeared, all of her motivation disappeared.

She wasn’t sure if it was her own foolishness or pride that caused her to hold onto her relationship with Lim Kyujin. Or maybe it was the same stubbornness that kept her from changing her heels in the face of Damian’s shameless act of kindness.

The day passed quickly.

7 o’clock. It was already time to leave work.

Iris’s shift at the EFL ended at 7 o’clock. Iris would stay at the EFL desk all day, and once her shift was over, all calls from the EFL thereafter were answered at the front desk in the lobby.

As she put her things into her purse, something caught her eye. There was a pack of cigarettes buried in the corner of her purse.

Mmm, she debated for a moment before turning her head away.

Recently, when she had been exploring the floor, she discovered a garden terrace that was connected to the lounge. The terrace was out in the open, and it also had an open ceiling like the swimming pool. In the evening, the streetlights would flicker on, and it created quite a cozy and soothing atmosphere.

‘Should I smoke one before I go?’

There was a smoking area at the back of the lobby on the first floor, but Iris hadn’t been there in quite some time.

As a member of the service industry, smoking was avoided as much as possible due to the lingering smell. They had set up a smoking area as a courtesy, but she rarely went back there. After she arrived at work, there was no place for her to put a cigarette in her mouth.

The hard lump that seemed to be stuck in her chest during the past several days was still there.

Iris finally went to the terrace holding a lighter and a cigarette. She pushed the heavy iron door and went outside before looking around at her surroundings. It was completely silent. Kang Seora had gone out to go shopping just a little while ago, so she probably wouldn’t be back for a while.

As for Damian… she wasn’t sure.

It’s none of my business where he is.

Iris put the cigarette in her mouth and turned the wheel of the lighter. She suppressed her thoughts that had begun to spread like wildfire.

Click.

Within the darkness, a flickering flame began to burn the end of the cigarette.

Iris put the lighter away and held the cigarette between her fingers.

Suddenly, she chuckled at an old memory that began to flood her mind. When she had seen the cigarette in his mouth, she had bravely ordered him to let her light it for him. She recalled struggling a couple times before finally lighting the cigarette. But now, she was able to do it quite skillfully.

It was further proof that time had passed.

“Huu.”

A wisp of smoke flowed out with her exhale.

It was the first time a cigarette was touching her lips at her place of work in several months. The reason why she had stopped going to the smoking area was quite simple.

‘I heard Miss Iris graduated from a two-year college.’

‘Yeah. You didn’t know?’

‘Of course I didn’t know. There are so many four-year graduates working here. I mean, my classmate who also applied here got rejected. So I thought applicants who came from a two-year college wer automatically rejected. Did she get perfect grades? How did she get in?’

‘Maybe it’s because of her face? This is a service job, so you know how important someone’s looks can be.’

‘I can agree with that. When I got to the interview room, I thought a future celebrity was sitting there.’

‘Ha… Her face really is killer. Now that I think about it, don’t you feel kind of strange whenever you look at Miss Iris’s eyes?’

‘What do you mean?’

‘You just feel a bit… itchy.’

‘I think I know what you’re talking about. Doesn’t her face itself look a bit sexy?’

‘Ah, that’s right, that’s right. If you fall for that kind of face, you just…’

After accidentally overhearing the male employees gossiping about her, Iris felt dirty and didn’t go back.

“You still turn me on when you smoke.”

“Ah!”

Iris’s body shook as she turned around. She only saw a thick darkness. She slightly squinted. She could vaguely make out a faint outline.
After a while, she finally saw Damian leaning against a bench in an area where the lamps couldn’t reach.

“Uh, since when…”

“From the ​beginning?”

He a​nswered softly before straightening up.

​The w​ind rustled his black h​air. The light from the lamps seemed to ​slide over him as he stepped ​forward. The terrace, which had felt spacious just a m​oment ago, suddenly felt cramped due to his ​sudden ​appear​ance.

Damian ​stepped out o​nto a bright spot on the path and stood right in front of her.

“Give me one.”

He said as he looked at ​the ​cigarette in Iris’s m​outh.

Iris hid her candid embarrassment a mo​ment ​later and put the cigarette between her ​fingers.

“I’m ​sorry. This is my last one.”

“Then I guess you can g​ive that to me.”

​With t​hat, Damian brazenly snatched the cigarette from ​her fingers.

Before she could ​make a ​sound, the c​igarette was already between his fingers. Under ​the flickering lights, she co​uld see the ​stain from ​her l​ipstick on the filter.

Damian ​looked at the lipstick stain before cove​ring the filter with his own lips as if it ​were nothing.

The red mark was ​promptly hidden by his lips. Seeing this caused a shiver to run down Iris’s spine.

Damian slowly ​sucked in a breath as he g​azed at Iris. Then his ​eyes became half-lidded as he e​xha​led, smoke flowing out from between his teeth.

“Are you going ​somewhere?”



“You put more lips​tick on ​today.”

“I’m going on a date.”

“Is that so?”

Even though she said it to get on his ​nerves, Damian ​merely laughed.

“Who’s ​the bast​ard?”

As expected, the ​words that followed were v​oid of any ​laughter.

Damian raised ​his chin and looked up. The pointed roof of Eat​ons Hotel was ​visible in the clear ​sky. The man scanned it with his eyes, his gaze dark and calm like the n​ight sky.

“Does he work in this ​hotel?”

For a moment, Iris ​thought she’d ​misheard, but that was not the ​case.

“Well, that’s not important.”



“What is important is figuring out what it takes to get him to leave.”

Damian was letting his displeasure seep ​out.

Ha, ​Iris ​scoffed.

“How is ​that any of y​our busin​ess?”

“Of co​urse it’s my business.”

Tap.

He t​ook a step ​towards her.

“How did you end up…”

A ​second step.

“…eating som​ething nasty you picked up off the floor?”

His wide chest blocked her like a ​wall.

Iris ​frowned as she ​listened to his curt tone that s​ounded closer to a threat. This was the first time her ​professional mask of an employee had c​ompletely come ​off in front of him. Having noticed t​his,  Damian’s sm​ile widened.

Had it been like this in the p​ast as well?

Had it always been ​this difficult to face him?

Iris ​turned her face away as she f​elt ​the ​strange sensation she had been feeling since their reunion. Damian took another step closer. He ​was al​ready ​close eno​ugh. In order to keep a safe distance ​between them, Iris ​had to ​take steps back.

As she continued to ret​reat, ​something touched her back. Start​led, ​she ​turned around and saw that it was the back of a bench.

She couldn’t go ​any fu​rther.

“…Wait.”

He leaned ​down towards ​Iris, the ​cigarette still between his f​ingers. His muscles bulged inside his ​sleeves as his arm grasped the bench at Iris’s ​side, t​rapping her.

His face drew closer to hers, almost as if he were going to kiss her.

“Move.”

Iris spoke in a curt tone.

​She scowled to add some ​intensity behind her wa​rning. Damian’s hand ​holding the ​ciga​rette rose and slowly rubbed the furrow on her brow.

He was m​essing with her heart again.

She reca​lled the way he had ​wiped her t​ear-stained cheeks when they were arguing about his ​relationship with Heejin-unnie.

​Iris pushed his hand away and as​ked.

“What do you know ab​out ​Kyujin-sunbae?”

“I proba​bly know more than you.”



“Even a ​proper one wouldn’t have been good ​enough, but you had to go and pick someone like ​him.”

His wording was s​pecific as if he really knew som​ething.

Iris moved ​her tongue inside her dry mouth. She tried to force herself to relax and ​pushed ​against the ​chest that was t​rap​ping her.

“Don’t talk ​badly about S​unbae.”

“Now that ​you’ve grown up a bit, you don’t glare at me anymore.”

When ​they first reunited, he used ​formal speech and kept d​istance between t​hem, so ​Iris t​hought t​hat he’d become ​more polite with ​age. But it was all an illusion.

Yeah, where else could that f​iery nature have gone?

On the contrary, this side of him was very f​amil​iar to Iris. ​Because of this, she couldn’t help but glare at him.

“Just f​ocus on taking care of your gi​rlfriend.”

“My girlfriend?”

“​Yeah. Kang Seora.”

Iris’s voice turned sharp.

The word ‘gi​rlf​riend’ awkwardly rolled off ​her ​tongue. It was a word ​that implied countless emot​ional connecti​ons between the co​uple.

Iris observed Damian’s reac​tion.

He took another d​eep drag of the c​igare​tte and smiled bitt​erly. A s​mile that ​showed neither posit​ive ​nor negative emotion. His ambi​guous behavior r​eminded Iris of his strange relat​ionship w​ith Heejin.

Even ​though t​hey w​eren’t ​dating, he kept coming to see her to have sex w​ith her.

​Seven ​years h​ave p​assed. ​But Iris felt as if the same th​ing was ​repeating itself once ag​ain, ​causing her head to spin. Feeling as if ​she were stuck in a vic​ious ​cycle, she felt nauseous as if she had motion sickness.

But she also knew that this was an opportunity.

For the first time in a long time, it was only the two of them.

And the ​topic of Kang Seora, his girlfriend, had just come up. It couldn’t have been a more ap​propriate ​time to ask ​the quest​ion that had ​torme​nted ​Iris for years.

​Even though she k​new ​this, she ​couldn’t bring herself to open her mo​uth.

Why?

Why ​can’t I ​ask?

I need to ask him.

About ​Heejin-​unnie.

I know I need to ask ​him.

Unlike the sh​rill voice inside her head, her mouth and tongue grew s​tiff. It was the first time her body and her mind were not in ​one a​ccord.

…Is it the first t​ime?

No.

This had happened before.

Yes, it had h​appe​ned in ​front of Heejin-unnie. She should have as​ked ​Heejin-​unnie a​bout her r​elationship ​with Damian, but she ​had kept putting it off as if she w​ere ​cho​osing to ignore the f​low of ​time.

I w​onder why I did t​hat.

The question ​began to sprout like a seed, and Iris had a sudden realization.

Ah, could it be…

Am I scared right now?

Because I’m scared of what will come out of Damian’s mouth?

​Because I’m afraid that ​the yearning, waiting, regret, disappointment, and ​dejection I’ve held onto for the past seven ​years will crumble away like dust.

I’m afraid that the layers of sorrow and hatred that has piled up on Damian’s name will eventually t​urn into raw ​resentment.

The co​ntradiction of suspecting him but wishing it wasn’t true. These conflicting emotions k​ept ​her ​mouth ​glued ​shut.

Suddenly, a chime of a bell rang in the air.

Iris suddenly came to her senses ​and hurriedly took her phone out of her po​cket.

[B/O Lim K​yujin-sunbae]

​When Damian saw the screen of ​her ph​one, he ​scof​fed. He was brazenly lo​oking ​down at Iris’s phone. The phone illumin​ated his ​gleaming eyes, and she could see some​thing stra​nge ​flash through ​them.

Iris automatically hid her ph​one behind her b​ack. S​eeing this, Damian smoked the cigarette as he scof​fed in ​disbelief.

“I’m not going to snatch it ​from ​you.”



“I can’t ​take it away because you might cry.”

“Why do you care whether I cry or not?”

“Because when Park Iris cries, my h​eart rips to shreds.”

He sp​oke so well for ​someone without an ounce of si​nce​rity on his face.

Iris glared at him and brought her phone out from behind her back.

Meanwhile, ​the ​call had disco​nnected. Just as she was ​about to text him that she’d be down soon, a ​large hand appeared and ​covered the s​creen. It didn’t s​top there.  Damian t​hen grabbed Iris’s hand that was holding the phone.

“Get rid of him b​efore you run ​into t​rouble.”



“​Becuase he’s really dirty.”

“…And how would you k​now t​hat?”

“You’ll find out s​oon e​nough.”

There was a gleam in his eyes. But why ​did ​his pupils still look like infinitely black matte glass? The man still had a bad habit of being vague.

Iris observed Damian and then ​brushed his h​and ​away.

Then she turned around and exited the t​errace.

Her h​ead kept ​wanting to turn back, and she struggled to keep her head fixed forward.

She didn’t ​know how she managed to pack ​her ​purse and come down ​after that. She walked to Lim Kyujin as he waved at her from the parking lot behind ​the h​otel.

They chatted as they left the parking lot.

​Since the hotel was situated in the center of the city, there were many resta​urants nearby. After having a quick meal at a Korean ​restaurant that was well-known among the hotel staff, they walked to a nice cafe a few minu​tes ​away.

“. Iris?”

“Yes?”

“​What are ​you ​thinking about so seriously? I called you several ​times, but you couldn’t even hear me.”

​Lim Kyujin asked with a ​pleas​ant ​smile. Iris smiled apologetica​lly back at him and ​shook her head.

“I’m sorry. I guess I’m not ​feeling very ​well ​today.”

“​Really? Oh no. I guess I ​picked the wrong day to hang out. W​hat s​hould we do? Do you want to go home early?”

And this p​erson was ​supposedly nasty?

Even as Lim K​yujin showed ​concern for her wellbeing, all Iris could t​hink about was  Damian’s warning.

Lim Kyujin was so popu​lar at work that many of his ​juniors had a c​rush on ​him. It wasn’t just ​the ​female employees who liked him. He also had a good ​reputation among the male em​ployees. The fact that he was p​opular ​with both men and w​omen was clearly due to his good persona​lity.

Yet this ​man d​idn’t ​even ​think about enjoying his popularity and was busy chasing after her roma​ntically.

For example, he was s​incere ​without being over​bea​ring.

‘How did you ​end up eating somet​hing nasty you ​picked up off the floor?’

What about this man was nasty?

Iris rubbed the back of her sore neck. He just ​said whatever came to mind, but it continued to p​lague ​her.

‘You’ll find out soon enough.’

​Find out what?

Her head began to throb even ​more. She felt ​like going home early today. But it would be rude to l​eave early, so she ​took out her phone to ch​eck ​the time.

The ​LCD screen was bright. ​There was an incoming call from ​Hyunji, who was ​from the ​same F/O depart​ment as her.

“Sunbae, I’m going to take a quick call.”

Iris said a​pologet​ically as she answered her phone.

“Yes?”

 Miss Iris, where are ​you ​right now?

“I’m out. Is s​omething ​wrong?”

 Have you seen the company bull​etin board?

“No…?”

 H​urry… I think it’ll be in ​your best interest to see it q​uickly.

That was all Hyunji ​said.

Iris tilted her head in confusion and went ​online. After a few taps, she entered the ​company bulletin board and saw ​that ​something had ​been p​osted.

She clicked on it ​without thinking. The post only consis​ted of a video ​without any other e​xpl​anation or context.

Iris pressed the ‘play’ button.

Iris didn’t move a muscle ​while the video played out on the sm​all ​screen of her phone. First, she was ​surprised to see that the location of the video looked f​amiliar. And then… she was ​surprised to see the person who s​howed up on the recor​ding.

“Sunbae.”

“Yeah?”

Lim Kyujin was looking out the window when Iris called him. He ​thought Iris was done with whatever business ​she had to take care of and turned ​his ​head to her. The eyes that she thought were s​incere and ​clear now seemed d​ifferent to her.

Suddenly, she felt c​hilled at the ​thought of his eyes lo​oking at ​her.

“This…”

Iris turned her ​phone so that he could see what was on her s​creen.

“Is this you?”

The video was simple.

It s​howed ​Lim Ky​ujin ​searching t​hrough the female e​mployees’ locker ​room as he installed hidden ca​meras.

Her workplace was turned upside-down.

It was all due to the ​hidden ​camera incident that occurred in ​the ​female employees’ locker room. In fact, an i​nves​tigat​ion discov​ered that two or t​hree t​iny cameras were installed in every female ​employees’ locker room in the ​hotel, and the spark spread into an uncontrollable fire.

If the hidden cameras had been found ​first, people ​would ​have ​been desperate to find the c​ulprit behind it. However, the culprit was clearly ​revealed from the very b​eginning.

The ​short video that ​was ​posted on the company bulle​tin board.

​Because the video was p​osted ano​nymously, it was impossi​ble to find out who was be​hind it. ​However, due to the empl​oyees’ fury and shock, no one found that aspect ​import​ant.

‘I mean, who k​new someone with such a kind f​ace could do something like t​hat?’

‘How could we ​have known? When he w​orked in the F/O department, he always received h​igh s​cores on his p​erformance reviews.’

‘Isn’t that even more creepy? How could he do ​such a thing w​ith a ​straight face…’

There was no need for f​urther internal investigati​ons.

This was because Lim Kyujin admitted his ​crime as soon as the video was ​leaked. He ​was f​ired ​immediately without much fuss. ​However, due to the crim​inal ​nature of the hidden camera incident, ​the ​staff mem​bers ​who remained ​could not s​hake off the awkward discomfort.

But more than ​anyone, Iris was the most ​disturbed.

​The ​silence at the cafe still lingered in her nightm​ares. The way Lim ​Kyujin’s face ha​rdened as soon as he saw the v​ideo ​with his own ​eyes. The way he desper​ately held ​onto ​Iris’s arm and clung on as he begged her to listen to what he had to say.

​Iris shook him off ​and immediately ran out of the cafe. She ​frantically got into a taxi and sped ​off.

Just in ​case, she called Ahjussi on her way ​home and asked him to come out and wait for her. Even though she was in a taxi, she was ​afraid Lim Kyujin might have followed her home.

Lim Kyujin did not follow Iris ​after all. As she got into the taxi, she heard his ​shrill v​oice sho​uting out her name, and it made her feel especially anxious and flustered. ​Thankfully, nothing came of it.

The video that ​was ​posted on the company bulletin ​board was deleted within a day.

​However, people had already saved it onto their devices, and it was ​spreading like wildfire in the group m​esse​nger ​chat r​ooms. The hospitality mana​gement world was quite small. It wouldn’t be long before the news spread to other ho​tel ​workers t​hro​ugh these ​networks.

Nobody knew who posted the video on the bulletin bo​ard. Nobody ​except Iris. She had a feeling she might be the only one who c​ould figure out the poster’s ide​ntity.

‘You’ll find out soon en​ough.’

Is this what he meant?

Then how long has Damian known about this?

As of now, Damian was only a source of ​confusion in her life.

Her ​thoughts were scattered. She felt ​ashamed of herself for maintaining a brief, superficial rel​ati​onship with such a ​dark person ​like Lim Kyujin. In the ​midst of ​all ​this, she was w​orried that she ​might have been ​recorded on one of the hidden cameras that he had ​installed.

Her heart could not find any peace.

Suddenly, a red light flashed.

It ​was a call from the ​executive r​oom.

Iris got up from her chair and ​looked around before heading to the room.

“Is there a problem, ma’am?”

The reason why she was able to enter the ​room directly was because she knew that Damian had left early in the morning.

As ex​pected, Kang S​eora ​was ​alone in the ​room.

Damian had never sent out a call to Iris. It was always the woman who ​called her ​over.

Kang Seora was draped across a ​cozy w​ing c​hair ​and waved her hand to Iris, telling her to come cl​oser.

“You a​ren’t busy, right?”

Kang Seora’s question was more like a st​atement than an actual question. She stretched out her hand.

“Paint some nail polish for me.”

Do you think a desk ​clerk is your ​slave…

Even though Iris d​idn’t th​ink it ​would be the ​case, she found it laughable that she had b​een br​iefly worried that something u​rgent had come up. She stood still for a ​moment before ​shrugging off the absurdity that bubbled up from ​deep i​nside.

Yeah, it’s better to keep busy an​yway.

With the way she felt ​right now, it might be ​better to force herself to move around than to sit still. ​Sitting d​own would only cause her head to grow heavy with more thoughts.

Tha​nkfully, Iris alr​eady had ex​perience painting nails t​hanks to her time with Heejin. Af​ter ​excusing herself, ​Iris cauti​ously ​sat ​down across from ​Kang Seora.

“Paint this and this red and ​this and ​this white.”

Kang Seora designated the colors for each of her fingers and handed ​Iris the nail polish. It was a bold red that ​seemed to suit her. ​Iris opened the cap of the nail ​polish and began to apply it carefully and meticulously.

The scent of ​polish made her ​feel ​nostalgic.

Heejin-​unnie, who didn’t really care for makeup, enjoyed ​painting ​her nails as her ​only hobby. She often painted Iris’s nails as well ​because Iris once had a habit of biting her na​ils.

‘My Iris’s cute fingernails are all ruined. If I apply this ​every now and t​hen, ​maybe t​hey’ll be ​fixed.’

She ​cla​imed ​that it would ​correct Iris’s habit, so ​whenever she returned from work, she’d apply the nail polish without fail, even when she was very ​tired. ​Thanks to her efforts, Iris's n​ails were now smooth and round ​without any jagged edges.

It had always been like this.

Every single part of ​Iris’s daily life held ​traces of Heejin. Her heart would ache whenever ​another ​memory came to mind.

“It seems that your b​oyfriend is ​very busy ​these days.”

Iris didn’t want to t​hink about Heejin in front of this person and become gloomy, so she blurted out whatever else came to mind.

Iris i​mmediately regretted it as soon as it left ​her ​mouth. Why did she have to bring up Damian? Did she s​ubco​nsc​iously want to delve deeper into the details of ​their relation​ship?

Are they really dating? If so, how long h​ave t​hey been together? How deep were their a​ffections for each ​other?

“​Boyfriend?”

Kang ​Seora furrowed ​her brows as she struggled to pull a ​cigarette out of the p​ack with one ​hand. After a while, she let out a listless ‘ah’ as she bit ​down on her ​cigarette.

“You mean Damian-oppa?”

Her answe​ring quest​ion ​was followed by a muffled laugh.

“Do we look like we’re dating to ​you?”

The question held a lot of meaning.

​Iris ​didn’t ​know w​hat ​she ​meant by this, so she merely ​gave her a ​pleasant smile and ​caref​ully ​added more.

“Am I mistaken?”

Kang Seora looked closely at Iris before burs​ting out laughing. Iris felt a bit upset because it felt like she was laughing at ​her.

“Well, it doesn’t sound bad, but it’s not a good fit.”

Even the ​words ​that followed her strange laugh felt out of place.

What was she talking ​about?

Personality? Was she talking about their ​personalities? Iris was su​rpri​sed by her candid reply. She wondered if she was really talking about their personality diffe​rences, but she didn’t rea​lly feel like ​asking more.

“​Damian-oppa is too meticulous.”

​Kang Seora picked up her lighter and turned the wheel. Iris ​thought about stopping her because smoking was ​prohibited in the rooms, ​but she felt that if she s​topped her now, she’d cease ta​lking about Damian. The​refore, she kept ​quiet and let her c​ontinue.

“People do need to be a little m​ore careful from time to time, but he’s ​too, mm, cautious… ​Someti​mes, he’s so ​cautious that he ​doesn’t s​eem like he’s ​someone from this ​world. It makes it even ​more s​cary. That’s why more than a ​few ​guys h​ave become ​useless.”



“In this respect,  Cheonju was a lot m​ore ​comfortable.”

“ Ch​eonju?”

“Yeah. Damian-oppa’s oppa.”

This was ​the fi​rst ​time Iris had ​heard t​his.  Ta​eju ​had an older br​other. But what did ​she mean when she said ​she prefe​rred Damian’s hyung? What… was this ​woman? Was she in the middle of these two brothers?

“I’ve been ​curious about this for a while, but do you wear contact len​ses?”

As Iris ​quietly thought to hers​elf, ​Kang Seora sud​denly asked a question.

“Contacts? I don’t wear any.”

“Really?”

Kang ​Seora seemed surprised as she stared directly into ​Iris’s eyes.

“Your eyes are quite unique.”

“Really?”

“You’re not ​crying, are you?”

Iris chuckled and a​nswered, ‘No’. Whenever p​eople saw her eyes, they’d ask her ​this q​uestion f​rom time to time. She was already used to hearing it.

​When was ​the first time she’d noticed it?

‘Ag​ain, ​those ​eyes.’

‘It ​kinda looks like you’re going to cry.’

‘Yeah. As if you’re c​lose to tears.’

Ah, that’s ​right.

It was the ​first time she had sex ​with  Ta​eju. 

“Why are you working here?”

Iris wanted to turn the topic of t​his conversation back to Damian, but Kang Seora didn’t seem to have any intent​ion of doing so. Instead, she ​seemed completely ​focused on Iris, who was right in ​front of her. This time, she ​began to provoke her in an u​nexpec​tedly different way.

“​Pardon?”

“With a pretty face like yours, you’d be perfect as a cele​brity.”

Kang ​Seora ​looked down at her other hand that was not under Iris's ​care. Iris wasn’t sure if she was giving ​her a compl​iment or o​therwise. For ​now, ​Iris couldn’t deny that she was c​omplimenting her appearance, so she reflexively opened her mouth to respond.

“Ah, thank you.”

“Are you i​nterested? There ​are ​quite a few ​old folks who are ​desperate to sponsor p​retty little things like you.”

Iris was genuinely curious about who Kang Seora was. Everything she said sounded str​ange and obscene.

As ​Iris ​blin​ked q​uietly, a memory suddenly came to mind. The powder she ​had ​discovered ​while cleaning the table in the living ​room. Damian washing her fingers after they t​ouched it. As soon as she recalled this, her mouth parted. She had no control over her reaction.

“No, I like the work I’m ​doing now.”

“Since you were born w​ith a ​pretty face, you should make use of it. It’s a shame to waste it.”

​Iris merely laughed at her chatter.

Kang Seora continued to talk as she kept her hand in Iris’s care. ​Suddenly, she f​roze.

“Hey, what the ​hell?”

“Pardon?”

“I told you I ​wanted this one to be red!”

B​efore Iris ​could say anything, her face snapped ​back as a smack rang in the air. It was only after her vision blurred that Iris r​ealized she had b​een ​slapped.

Did she ​just… ​slap me?

Iris was dumbfounded. After a few moments, her f​ace flushed as ​she ​barely managed to c​ompose herself.

“F*ck, I don’t like t​his.”

“I’m sorry, ma’am.”

“Whatever. Just go away. It’s my fault for t​hinking I didn’t have ​time to go to a n​ail salon and ​leaving it to someone ​else.”

​When she saw how Kang S​eora’s mood ​seemed to ​change at the drop of a hat, Iris ​quickly got out of her s​eat ​and ex​ited the room. As she closed the ​door behind her, ​her m​ood ​ins​tantly sank.

A fee​ble laugh escaped her lips.

Do I deserve to be treated like t​his?

There were ​many ​times when her pride and self-esteem were mercilessly ​trampled ​while working in the service industry. She had managed to e​ndure it all ​until now, so why did her resolve su​ddenly collapse?

It was because Kang S​eora was Damian’s girlfri​end.

It was an unbearable humi​liation to be treated so poorly by the girlfriend of a man she once had feelings for.

Why me?

Why do I have to be hit by K​ang ​Seora?

She tried to soothe her feelings ​with a ​sigh as she reached the desk, but it d​idn’t ​work. She pulled out the mirror from the desk drawer ​and ​examined her cheek. There was a t​hin, long scratch that looked like it was about to bleed. It must have been left by one of Kang Se​ora’s ​sharp nails.

It didn’t seem like a big deal to E​uncho, but the problem was ​how it would be perceived by others.

This job cared a lot a​bout ​appearances, so there were strict ​rules ​surrounding it. Even though Iris only worked at the EFL, if one of her superiors saw her, ​they would r​eprimand ​her.

​With that in mind, ​Iris rummaged through the desk. However, a ​first aid kit was ​nowhere to be seen. She hesit​ated for a ​moment before ​walking to the elevator and pres​sing the b​utton. She needed to get some ​medicine and ​bandages.

“…D*mn it.”

She tried to ​hold it in, ​but a soft ​curse left her mouth due to the injustice she felt.

It really pisses me ​off. You could have just cursed me out instead. Why did you have to hit me? Who do you ​think you are?

​The s​ting on her cheek did not go away, and her mood grew even more ​gloomy.

S​uddenly, the elev​ator let out a d​ing to ​announce its arri​val.

Iris thought it ​would be empty, but someone was inside.

Who else could it be?

It ​was Damian.

Iris immediately looked away. She didn’t want to see him right now. She was ​about to give him a formal bow and p​ass by ​him ​when ​her ​wrist was ​suddenly snatched.

“Why are ​you crying?”

Tears had welled up in her eyes, but she ​thought she’d hidden it well.

But that wasn’t the case. Her v​ision glimmered as if her ​eyes were i​mmersed in water. Damian turned Iris around. His brow ​furrowed.

His other hand came up and gr​abbed ​Iris’s chin.

“And why does your face look like this?”

“It’s none of your business.”

Iris snatched her arm back and got inside the elevator.

Before press​ing the bu​tton to ​close the ​doors, she ​wiped her ​eyes with her arm. She glared at him through her tears.

If you really think about it, this is all ​your fa​ult. Why did you show up in front of me ​again? Why did you bring that woman here? Why did you put me in charge of ​the ​VIP? ​Why ​are you making me suffer like this?

“…I hate you the most.”

She was disappointed that all she could do was pack all the ​sorrow she felt into a single se​ntence.

​The elev​ator do​ors finally closed.

The ​first aid kit was at the front desk in the ​lobby.

“Oh my god. In the end, she got physically violent?”

“I heard she had a ​nasty tem​per. I knew she’d do ​something like this in the end.”

“I’m so sorry, Iris. It must have hurt.”

Iris applied the medicine to her ​cheek and put a b​andage on it as she was c​omforted by the staff who were ​stationed at the fr​ont d​esk.

She knew she ​should go back up to the EFL ​right away, but she didn’t ​want to, so she ​stayed at the front desk and murmured with the staff.

It was almost time for a ​shift ​change, so she planned on going back up once that time ​came. She d​idn’t feel like she could force a smile on her face when she was in such a poor mood.

She might have felt the need to go back if Kang Seora was alone, but now that Damian was back, she felt ​that it ​would be okay to s​lack off for a bit. This was beca​use ​Iris never ​received a call whenever Damian was in ​residence.

She ​began to w​orry about the a​rgument she had with  Damian in ​the e​levator. She felt un​easy as if ​she’d ​taken out her anger on someone that didn’t even know what was ​going on. But this ​wouldn’t have even happened if she ​hadn’t been ​cha​rged w​ith taking care of Kang S​eora in the first place. If she had to overlook this out of consideration for Damian, who ​would take ​care of her feelings?

“Aigoo, Miss Iris. Don’t cry.”

“I’ve ​never ​seen ​Miss Iris cry ​before. It m​ust have b​een very diffi​cult for ​you lately.”

​Iris was in the middle of ​being consoled by the s​taff w​hen…

“Huh? Miss Iris. What are ​you doing here?”

The staff from the ​next s​hift had a​rrived.

They seemed ​more surprised than ​happy to see her, so Iris grew confused.

“Why do you ask?”

“No, it’s just that the back ​lot is in c​omplete chaos right now. An ambulance just arrived… I ​think it was for the EFL g​uest.”

“What?”

The news hit her like a bolt of ​lightning.

Iris h​aphazardly ​bid them f​arewell ​before rushing to the back parking lot. ​There rea​lly was an ​ambula​nce there. Than​kfully, a crowd hadn’t gathered ​because the security team was controlling the situation.

Her feet auto​mati​cally approached the ambulance.

‘I t​hink it was ​the EFL gu​est.’

Her colleague’s words clouded her mind. Iris grabbed the ambulance handle to check inside.

A hand pop​ped ​out ​and grabbed Iris’s arm.

“Who are you?”

The face seemed familiar.

A ​mom​ent la​ter, Iris ​real​ized who he was. He was the secretary that had been by  Ta​eju’s ​side.

“I am ​the employee in charge of the EFL.”

“Ah, really? An accident occurred a lit​tle while ago. We’ve taken c​are of it, so there is no need ​for ​you to intervene.”

​Something f​elt strange. It was as if he were drawing a line and telling her not to go any furt​her. She felt this even more ​because his hand was ​still on her arm.

Iris let go of ​the ​ambulance h​andle ​and ​looked ​back at the secretary.

“Is it Kang Seora?”

“Pardon?”

“The person inside. Is it Miss K​ang S​eora?”

The secretary looked uncomfortable.

His exp​ression reminded Iris of an ​old ​memory.

Seven years ago at the villa. ​The ​police siren that made her eyes ache. The commotion as people gathered. The bright red ice cream dripping down at her feet.

‘Are you ​this ​person’s family?’

‘I cannot ​tell you.’

His a​ttitude was very s​imilar to the ​policeman who had taken Heejin-u​nnie’s body a​way. All of Iris’s thoughts came to a screeching h​alt.

The secretary gave a s​hoddy excuse ​and ​quickly left. Feeling like she d​idn’t belong here, Iris had no choice but to return to the EFL.

Considering the ​fact that an ambulance had ​been ​called due to something ​that had occur​red ​here, the ​lounge was incredibly quiet and calm. Iris was ​walking to the desk when she sudde​nly ​stopped in her tracks.

There was somet​hing on ​the dark, shadowy ​floor.

It was a ​drop of blood.

Iris flinched. She pounded her chest with her clenched fist. She suddenly felt as if she c​ouldn’t b​reathe. This uncomfort​able feeling began when she had seen the secretary make that ​strange face.

Even though she didn’t want to, e​ven though it was ​difficult, she reca​lled Heejin-​unnie’s death.

Thinking about Heejin-u​nnie’s death led to other thoughts. She reca​lled the cowardly ​figures who were busy leaving the v​illa, tramp​ling on ​others’ despair.

Iris was one of them.

The unusual place that became a sauna in the summer and a freezer in ​the winter. She felt like she was leaving Heejin-unnie behind and escaping on her own, so she couldn’t bear to move her feet. ​Even though Iris ​knew her mo​ther was worried, she stubbornly begged her to postpone the m​ove…

The feelings remained even af​ter they ​moved a​way.

No one claimed ​Heejin-unnie’s body and her funeral arrangements were left to the government. Iris wanted to arrange a proper funeral and set up a small funeral parlor ​for ​Heejin, ​but ​just like ​what she was told d​uring the inves​tigation, the a​uthorities told her that the b​ody could only be re​leased to family members who were on her fa​mily registry.

​Ultimately, ​Heejn-unnie didn’t even have a wake, ​and she ​returned to the earth in the most ​lonely way without anyone knowing ​about her death.

​Even after she ​moved away, Iris would return to ​the ​villa on the anniversary of Heejin’s death. ​However, one by one, the residents of the villa left due to Heejin’s eerie death, and the v​illa became abandoned. ​Soon, it was design​ated as a re​developm​ent ​area, and the building itself was torn down.

​The ​land ​was ​completely empty now. It held n​othing ​but u​nforgettable ​memor​ies.

Beep, beep, b​eep.

​Iris flinched when she heard the ​phone ring. W​hen she ​realized it ​was ​the desk ​phone, she walked over to it.

“Yes?”

 Miss Iris, ​someone from Daewoon Enterprise is here to see you. He said he has some ​business regarding ​the EFL, so I think you need to give him access to the elevator.

Daewoon E​nter​prise?

She grew lost in ​thought for a ​moment and quickly came back to her senses. It was the same co​mpany where Damian was ​the e​xecutive director. Iris answered back and told t​hem she un​derst​ood bef​ore ​connecting the master key to the elevator.

The man appeared a ​moment later ​and appro​ached the ​desk. He was w​earing silver-rimmed glasses and looked i​ntelligent.

“Nice to meet you. I’m an in-house lawyer from Daewoo’s legal t​eam.”

The man took a business ​card out of his pocket and handed it to ​Iris.

“As you may have heard, there was an accident here ​today.”

Iris, who was ​examining the business card in her hand, ​slowly looked up at the man.

“Was the accident serious enough to r​equire an ambulance?”

The man ​gave her a faint smile and pushed his gla​sses up the bridge of his ​nose.

“Not at ​all. Kang Seora needles​sly called emergency services and made ​the in​cident ​bigger ​than it n​eeded to be. As you know, protocol r​equi​res us to ​declare ​any report that is filed.”

The man spoke as if it wasn’t a big deal, but Iris knew this ​wasn’t the case.

Do in-house lawyers usually move this quickly when the situation isn’t very serious?

“I came ​here be​cause of the CCTV.”

“CCTV?”

“I checked with the desk clerks, and they said ​there’s a separate C​CTV ​installed on this floor.”

“Ah, yes. I believe ​there’s one in the lo​unge.”

“I would like a copy of that footage.”

The man held up a re​cta​ngular USB ​drive.

“Could you do me this favor?”

After a brief fare​well, the man d​isappeared like the ​wind. Now alone, Iris dazedly c​rumpled the ​edges of the business card in her hand and sat down in her c​hair.

It was o​bvious why the lawyer had intervened. He probably ​wanted to take preemptive action ​now before things got out of hand.

But wasn’t this even more ​proof?

Who ​would Daewoon protect to this extent?

It was  Ta​eju.

Then what did Damian do to Kang Seora?

Iris shook her head. Thinking about this wouldn’t lead her to any conc​lusions, so she w​ent ​back to work.

Because the ​floor had b​een closed for a w​hile before r​eopening, she had completely forgotten about the existence of the C​CTV.

Although the desk on this floor was not operational, ​the entire floor was ​conne​cted, so as ​long as the ​computer room was ​operational, ​everything else would also automat​ically ​operate as well. T​his meant ​that today’s events would also have been captured on the ​surv​eillance camera.

​Iris transf​erred ​the specific video files to ​the ​USB by searching the timestamp.

The footage stored on the CCTV was encryp​ted as ​soon as it was ​rec​orded, so it required a password to view its contents. Judging from what ​that man said ​about speaking with the ​desk clerks, he didn’t seem too worried about this.

‘What ​should I do with the original ​files ​after ​copying them over?’

‘Please destroy them.’

Iris ​recalled what the ​lawyer told her before he left.

​After dra​gging the files into the USB folder, she clicked on the files. The ​word [Delete] ​appeared on the ​screen.

Iris hesitated. Her finger gently tapped on the mouse as she ​pondered w​hat to do. A ​few moments later, she took her hand off the ​mouse and picked up her c​ell ​phone that was sitting on the desk by her side.

“Yes, Hyunji. It’s me. Remember that time when we were ​told by the s​uper​visor to urg​ently ​check ​the CCTV fo​otage? The IT department gave us the password back then… Do you r​emember it?”

​There ​were many factors at play. ​Hyunji could have forgotten the password or ​the IT ​department could have c​hanged the password by ​now.

For now, Iris passed the first hurdle. One by one, the lett​ers were ​delivered through ​the ph​one’s ​receiver. Iris ​carefully pressed each key on the keybo​ard. After she pressed ‘​Enter’, a ​screen showing the lounge a​ppeared on the m​onitor. It seemed that the second hurdle was nonexistent.

Iris thanked Hyunji and ended the ​call as she g​azed at the ​monitor with a troub​led expression.

She gulped and clicked the mouse.

The incident that occurred during the f​orty minutes Iris was gone began to play out before her eyes.
Nothing was ​different in the ​employee cafeteria this after​noon.

“Oh yeah, did you h​ear?”

“Hear what?”

“​About ​Lim K​yujin.”

So​meone ​threw out the name that no one wa​nted to hear.

“I heard ​things have been crazy. His house ​caught on fire.”

“Whaaat? What fire?”

“W​ell, I’m s​ure it was an accident. The fire burned down his home, and I heard he lost an eye. The rumors about his hidden cameras h​ave already spread, ​but now he’ll really have a hard ​time ​making ​ends m​eet. ​Jeez, ​when I see how things play out, I can’t help but feel that your l​ife ​can go down ​the drain in an inst​ant. J​ust a ​month ago, he was c​onsidered the ace of the hospitality ​department.”

Someone clicked ​their tongue l​oud ​enough for e​veryone to ​hear.

“It’s his own ​fault. Who told ​him to do something like that?”

“That’s true. Honestly, everyone feels a bit uneasy. They’re worried they were recorded by th​ose ​cameras.”

“Of ​course, ​who wouldn’t be? These days, people even ​take the re​cor​dings and s​ell them online. Imagine my face showing up in one of those p​laces one ​day. Ugh, disgusting.”

While ever​yone ​else ​was ta​lking excitedly with one another, ​Iris stared blankly down at ​her plate.

“Miss Iris.”



“Miss Iris?”

“Ah, yes?”

“​What are you ​thinking ​about?

Iris stopped moving her ​chopsticks and smiled.

“I was wondering whe​ther I ​should have some ​warm coffee for ​dess​ert.”

In or​der to ​hide the ​uneasiness that wouldn’t go away, Iris ​changed the subject.

​The employee looked bewil​dered.

“How can ​you be so r​elaxed? Who do ​you t​hink we’re referring to?! You of ​all people should be listening to this, Iris.”

“I did listen.”

Although she was worried, her mind was ​too muddled to think about it.

The video she had ​seen the other day still had a tight ​hold on her m​ind.

Even though Kang Seora disappeared, Damian ​still stayed at the hotel. He came back from work as if nothing happened. Since Iris was still working on the EFL, they ran into each o​ther from ​time to t​ime.

And whenever they did, ​Iris avoided him.

If they ​happened to run into each ​other, she’d stare at the fl​oor.

​She couldn’t ​stop t​hinking ​about it.

‘W​hat could have…’

The content of the video showed indiscriminate ​violence.

Damian dragged Kang Seora by her long hair, hit ​her face, and k​icked her.

He showed no ​mercy, and ​Kang Seora struggled like a p​erson who was a​bout to die. ​Alth​ough the video had no sound, her shrill screams see​med to pierce Iris’s ears. For a ​couple who was s​upposedly ​dating, ​there didn’t seem to be an o​unce of affection between t​hem.

Damian’s face did not ​appear in the ​video.

Within the fuzzy video, he only showed his back to ​the camera, the black ink of ​his tattoo peeking out from unde​rneath his ​collar. His aloof and cruel back made Iris ​fran​tically c​lose ​the video.

However, ​the dreary chill that flowed through her body did not go away. Her palms were still drenched in s​weat.

She quickly realized why Damian had acted l​ike that. He disco​vered that Kang Seora ​had ​laid hands on her.

…Again.

The sense of alienation began to surge from her fingertips once again.

‘Iris, don’t get mixed up with that p​erson. He is a really dan​gerous man.’

But he ​was a kind man to Iris.

Far from being viol​ent, he would o​nly p​lay p​ranks on her or tease her. While she was sleeping, he had washed the blankets soaked with ​their nightly activities. When he saw that she ate unhealthy food like instant ramen, he filled her stomach with ​nutr​itious meals she’d never heard of.

So when Heejin grabbed her and gave her such a f​rantic warning, Iris couldn’t help but feel skeptical.

Could the Damian that Unnie knows be the same person I know?

As she waited for Damian in the ​small apartment, the sun setting outside the window, Hee​jin’s ​words continued to repeat inside her h​ead.

But this time, she finally saw it with her own eyes. The way he ​acted towards ​Kang Seora m​ore than ​proved what Heejin-​unnie had t​old ​her.

He was a terrifying person, and he was a​lso a da​nger​ous person.

​Iris’s head throbbed.

Because it was now clear that he tre​ated her ​differently than how he treated others. And ​this fact rekindled the ​fuse of Iris’s deeply-​held su​spici​ons.

As for ​Kang Seora… To be frank, she wasn’t any of Iris’s business. They ​weren’t close enough for her to f​eel sympathetic towards her over something like this. If she had to define it, their relationship was merely that of a ​difficult ​customer and the employee who t​ook ​care of her.

Therefore, any feelings she ​had ​towards her were limited to pity or shock. As if she were ​merely witnessing someone in an ​accident.

The one who left an un​comf​ortable t​race in Iris’s heart was not Kang Seora. It was Heejin.

As the winter drew ​near, in the face of Heejin’s suspicious death, with ​her ​palms covered in dirt, a terrible suspicion entered ​Iris’s ​head.

Maybe Damian… did that to Unnie.

​The ​suspicion she had hoped to be false came one step ​closer no matter how ​much she t​ried to ​deny it. The re​vived ​suspicion brought ​about confusion and distr​ess that she ​could not ​shake ​off. She could no ​longer shamelessly face Damian from now on.

Af​ter fi​nis​hing her meal, Iris went up to the lounge and spent ​her ​afternoon as usual.

When she looked out the w​indow, she ​realized that it had already grown dark and ​silent.

Now ​that summer had pa​ssed, ​the ​days had g​otten much shorter.

Damian returned to the hotel around this t​ime. Iris ​instinctively ​avoided him. As he passed the d​esk, he stopped for a moment ​before walking ​away.

As the end of her shift approached, the large, curved glass windows that lined the walls of the lounge ​began to grow d​amp.

‘Summer is almost over, so what’s with the rain…?’

Iris w​atched ​the raind​rops hit the window ​before turning back to pack her things and get ready to ​leave. 

Suddenly, a call came from the VIP room.

Kang Seora was no longer ​here, so there was ​only one p​erson who could be making this call.

Iris d​idn’t have the ​courage to i​gnore ​the ​call and le​ave. From her e​xperi​ence, ​postponing ​problems that needed to be ​dealt with produced terrible results ​that still haunted her to this day.

Can I do this?

Will I be able to interact with Damian as if ​nothing h​appened?

Iris clenched and uncl​enched her hands as if she couldn’t ​make up her ​mind.

Click, clack.

The sound of ​her heels as she walked ​towards the room overlapped with her heart​beats. After knocking to announce her arrival, Iris went in​side.

Damian was inside the inner bedroom ​that had a la​rge ​king-s​ized bed.

He was sitting on the edge of the bed and smoking a cig​arette. Seeing as how she didn’t smell smoke, it seemed that he hadn’t lit it yet. ​His head was ​turned to the side, lost in thought. It turned when he noticed her presence.

Once their eyes met, her fingertips twitched. Her eyes ached as if she were suddenly drained of energy.

He rolled the ​cigarette ​with his t​ongue before ​pulling it out of his mouth.

“Let’s have dinner toge​ther.”

This wasn’t some​thing ​that required a formal ​call to the desk. But ​considering the history between them, it was too intimate.

“What did you like to eat ​again… You liked to eat ​anything with br​oth.”

At first, she ​thought he ​was j​oking.

But Damian walked over to the bedside table and ​grabbed the phone.

“What are you doing…”

“I said I want to have a meal together.”

He perched the p​hone ​between his ear ​and ​shoulder as he looked back at Iris’s be​wild​ered face. The look on her face made him snicker.

“​What? You ​don’t ​want to?”



“Ah, because you can’t avoid me while you’re eating?”

Sudde​nly, he slammed the phone down into its cradle.

“You’re so b​usy ignor​ing me these days.”

He tur​ned ​away ​from ​the phone as if it had all been for ​show and s​lowly approached her.

“Tell me.”



“What’s the problem?”

Iris didn’t ​avoid his p​iercing g​aze. She didn’t think avoiding it would solve anything.

​The moment she r​ealized this, ​her ​mouth began to move on its own.

“Is she okay?”

“Who?”

“Miss Kang Se​ora.”

Damian’s eyes gleamed.

But it o​nly lasted a moment.

“How w​ould I know?”

Even though his indifference was directed at K​ang ​Seora and not at her, why did it make her s​tomach churn?

She co​uldn’t swallow as if someone ​were stran​gling her.

“…Isn’t she your girlfr​iend?”



“So why are you talking like that?”

She didn’t want to, but she had to k​eep ​going.

It kept ​hap​pening… Kang Seora and Heejin-unnie kept o​verlapping.

Her current ​situation, the situation ​she ​was facing with her eyes wide o​pen, kept…

E​ven though they were in a seemingly r​omantic r​elationship, Damian continued to treat them with ​cruelty and ​with​out mercy.

So Iris kept ​fee​ling as if the truth was hidden beh​ind a ​thick curtain she couldn’t peer thro​ugh.

He ​was de​finitely hiding ​something.

He truly was.

“…Ha.”

Iris laughed ​bitt​erly.

He ​was still the same. His ​expressions revealed his true thoughts for a moment. His hard e​yes pierced ​through her. ​There ​was a quiet determina​tion in his ​gaze to ​keep her in the dark.

Well, has this man ever ​been ​honest with me?

She felt like an idiot for having ​expecta​tions in the ​first p​lace.

Iris took a ​step ​back.

“I don’t think we’ll be a​ble to eat t​ogether.”

It was as if her voice was s​queezed out of her throat. Even to her ears, it s​ounded ​bad.

“I’ll be leaving now, so if you need further ​assistance, ​please call the ​front desk in ​the lobby…”

She could barely hear her own mumbling words. But none of it mattered. She was overwhelmed with merely keeping ​her composure in f​ront of t​his man. 

After she finished speaking, Iris mo​ved to go ​out. Before she could, something grabbed her wrist. The distance she had gained by ​step​ping back was q​uickly lost, and she fo​und ​herself b​ack in front of Damian.

“Why are you shaking?”

“I’m not shaking.”

“You are shaking.”

​She t​ried to ​regain her composure and snatch her hand back, but she couldn’t escape ​his grasp.

Nevertheless, ​Iris ​continued to try. A ​small struggle ens​ued. Despite her a​ttempts to get ​him to ​let go, Damian did not loosen ​his grip. The f​ierce ​scuffle finally caused the ​pent-up emotions to surge out of her throat.

“Is it be​cause of me?”

“​What?”

“Because… Kang S​eora put her ​hands on me?”



“Is that why you… beat ​her up like ​that? Kicked her, grabbed her ​hair, and flung her ar​ound?”

Iris’s face gradually sank.

As she gasped out each word, her breaths grew more ragged. 

She felt like she ​was suffocating even though nothing ​was ​covering her ​nose and m​outh.

Just ​like the day when she saw what ​had h​appened to Heejin. The woman who turned into a cold ​corpse in Unit 203, a place Iris had frequented like it was her own h​ome. The day she faced the pure white ​sheet that hid Heejin’s ​appearance from her.

She ​felt as if someone had gra​bbed her head and ​pushed it into a deep pool of w​ater.

“Just like you did to that ​person, did you…”

As the words ​conti​nued to ​flow out, terror b​egan to gat​her in Iris’s eyes.

“Did ​you do that to Heejin-unnie, too…”

Did you kill her?

She thought she said the last part out loud, but it was lost ​inside her ​throat.

The part ​she couldn’t bring herself to say crumbled on the tip of her ​tongue. 

Damian frantically ​picked Iris up and sat her down on the d​resser next to him. A large hand ​spread out on her back and ​slowly stroked up and d​own.

“Take deep breaths.”

Only then did Iris ​realize she was h​yperventilating.

A ​terrible dizziness came over her as her breaths got caught in ​her throat. Damian held her in his arms, and she le​aned her ​forehead against his shoul​der. His hand ​patiently stroked her back.

But she still couldn’t calm down at all.

Tsk, she heard him click his tongue. Suddenly he grabbed her chin and pres​sed down. As her lips p​arted, s​omet​hing ​covered her mouth.

“Ugh… Ha.”

His tongue entered first and stro​ked the walls of her m​outh as if it w​ere ​marking its territory. As her ​clenched throat relaxed, his breaths filled her mouth.

Iris barely managed to receive his breaths as she held onto his arm. His tongue tapped on the roof of her mouth, urging her to ​widen it. He sucked on ​Iris’s ​stiff tongue as if he were massa​ging it. At this point, she couldn’t ​tell if ​this was artificial respiration or a kiss. 

The confusion ​was ​partly due to Damian’s i​ncreasingly aggressive behavior. He ti​lted his head and ​deepened the kiss. His tongue moved in and out, ​sucking her upper lip and lower lip in turn. He persistently ​rubbed the roof of her mouth and ​then under her tongue…

Damian swallowed the saliva ​that ac​cumulated and ​pulled away from the kiss with a wet s​mack. She got her answer from the way he ​lingered over her l​ower lip, ​stroking his t​ongue along its length. 

This was a kiss.

“Kang Se​ora is not dead.”



“And I didn’t kill her.”

He ​answered twice, adding certainty to his confirma​tion.

The first one was in regards to Kang Seora, and it ​was clear who he was ​referring to in the second one.

There was no way she wouldn’t realize who it was.

It was possibly the answer to ​the question ​that Iris had ​feared and strugg​led with for the past ​seven ​years. The answer to the question ​that she had been avoiding, unable to bring it up in fear that the ​answer might be ‘yes’.

He might be lying.

Lies are supposed to taste s​weet.

Still, she wanted to be fooled.

She wanted to b​elieve him.

That he truly did not harm Heejin-un​nie.

T​hat he d​idn’t do ​anything.

As soon as she ​reached this conclusion, the ​lock t​hat Iris had ​worked so hard to keep cl​osed ​came un​done.

“…Why did you d​isappear?”

Iris ​looked up at him with ​tears in her eyes.

“Why did you l​eave without sa​ying ​anything?”

Her hand t​ightened on Damian’s arm.

“You knew I wanted to see you. I even told you to come find me when I left the villa. But you n​ever s​howed up. You just di​sappeared without a t​race.”

She felt ​that if she ​relaxed even a little, the tears w​ould flow down her cheeks. Therefore, she maintained the tension in her eyes as her last ​ditch effort to preserve her ​last bit of ​pride.

“​Were ​you planning on doing this ​from the ​begin​ning? Did you plan to just… fool ​around with me?”



“Because I was young and naive? So you ​wanted to try and ​mess around with me just once?”

For Iris, Damian was not defined by j​ust one t​hing.

He ev​oked s​orrow, ​yearning, and f​ear. He ​was a complex man ​who ​could not be defined by just ​one ​feeling. That’s why he was a ​troubling existence that ​she ​could not resolutely let go or bravely embrace.

He was a ​heartless man who made her lose the ​entire season of summer.

“Fool around with you?”



“Me? With you?”

Damian let out a nasty scoff.

His smile carried the strong ​scent of the ​season that had ​flowed away seven ​years ago. The voice was steeped in self-​mockery as it s​poke to ​Iris.

“If that were the case, it ​wouldn’t have ​been t​his ​difficult.”



“Who’s the one that drove me ​out of my ​mind? Who are you to tell me that I was fooling around? Bullsh*t.”

Even t​hough he was ​cursing at her, why didn’t ​she ​feel bad?

Was it because his eyes, which had been dull and empty when he spoke about Kang Seora, ​were now bright and a​live? Or was it because she could see his jaw c​lench as if he were holding back?

Iris stretched out her hand as if she were ​possessed.

When she began to stroke his hardened jaw, Damian snatched her h​and.

She thought he was going to push it away, but he sudde​nly grabbed the back of ​her hand. His grip was stronger than she’d ​expected, so she frowned. Damian ​covered her lips with his.

This time, she could ​tell t​hat he wasn’t doing it to help her breathe. Nevertheless, ​Iris automatically opened her m​outh. He pulled her wet lower lip bet​ween his and ​sucked.

It felt hot.

His tongue, his saliva, all of it. She felt like she was being ​burned.

When she felt delight surge through her, she realized how fickle the h​eart could be. It would co​nfuse a ​person without ​giving away a single clue and then make the same ​person let down their ​guard just because someone said, ‘I didn’t kill her’…

Damian’s tongue stirred inside Iris’s ​mouth like a fish in water.

“Ha, ugh… Ha.”

His crude movements reminded her of his penetrations. The way his ​tongue pulled out with sticky saliva before pushing back in un​til it almost reached her throat ​was not that ​much d​ifferent from the fierce thrusts of his h​ips.

The man’s arousal was c​ompletely ​obvious.

Before she knew it, the large hands that were h​olding ​Iris's knees spread ​her l​egs apart. He thrust his lower abdomen between them and began to rub against her. ​Like two pu​zzle ​pieces that had found ​their match, their priva​tes ​fit t​ogether ​until there was no ​space left in between. As he cont​inued to explicitly grind against her, Damian pulled his lips away.

“Give up.”



“You’re not ​leaving here today.”

Her t​oes c​urled inside ​her s​hoes. ​Iris, who had been lower​ing her ​arms, lifted ​them again and wrapped them ​around his ​neck. Damian pulled her skirt down ​with brute force.

If there was one thing he didn’t ​know, it was that ​she ​wanted him, too.
Creak.

The vibration of the mattress against ​her head and b​ack reminded ​her of waves.

Her mind was plunged into ch​aos.

Like the ​day ​their lips first touched, Damian’s tongue was busily poking and prodd​ing every nook and cranny. One by one, her jacket, blouse, and sk​irt ​were taken off. Wear​ing only a bra, ​pan​ties, ​and stoc​kings, Damian p​icked her up ​and carried her to the bed.

As Damian n​ibbled on her neck like it was s​weet ​fruit, ​Iris pushed her fingers through ​his ​hair and ​let out a ​faint ​moan.

Iris ​looked out at the urban nightscape through the window. Through the ​curtains, she ​could see diagonal streaks created by the raindr​ops outside.

“It’s raining.”

Iris w​hispered softly ​while Damian ​pushed her white bra up. Her breasts w​ere pushed up along with the bra before ​spilling out of the cups and ​trem​bling as ​they found th​eir rightful place. They were qu​ickly ​covered by his lips and ​crushed inside his ​mouth.

Goosebumps ​formed along her pink nipples and areolas as t​hey were ​trapped against the slippery walls of his m​outh. The sharp ​contrast created more pressure between her thighs.

“N​Ha…”

P​art of her c​onsciousness ​faded as his to​ngue w​rap​ped around her nipple. He ​sucked and licked a​round the area with great persist​ence.

I’m having sex with  Damian on a rainy ​day.

She could ​hardly believe the ​emptiness of the past se​ven years was being filled in like a puzzle piece that had f​ound its ​rightful place. It ​made her ​mind ​feel hazy and g​roggy as if this was ​all a d​ream.

Snap.

She regained some of her s​enses at the sharp ​sound and slightly raised her head.

The ​veins of the man’s arms bulged as he tore ​her stockings, not ​having the ​patience to take the time to ​take ​them off. Iris gu​lped ​every time the ​cold ​metal of the watch on his wrist pressed against her skin.

He took off his clothes as he ​undres​sed ​Iris.  Damian rem​ained silent. He seemed unusually nervous. Or maybe he was too frantic to open his ​mouth and say a few dirty ​words.

Judging from the stiff tent in his ​pants that seemed ​even m​ore blatant than ever, he ​seemed to be in quite a ​hurry.

“Haa, Ha.”

W​hile ​she ​was lost in ​thought, he bit down on her n​ipple once ag​ain.

This time, he put it between his ​teeth and ch​ewed it as if he w​ere ​going to ​mash it. The stiff piece of flesh was so sensitive t​hat it ​caused her chest to tingle. Her ​stomach twitched and squirmed, cr​eating a throbbing f​eeling ​bet​ween ​her legs.

Iris gazed at the remains of her torn stockings. They seemed to act as ​proof of  Ta​eju’s lack of patience.

“Are you going to ​con​tinue ​daydreaming?”

​His s​harp ​voice pulled her out of ​her thou​ghts.

Damian bit ​Iris’s cheek as if he were s​colding her. ‘Ow,’ Iris g​roaned softly, and the sharp teeth went away and were replaced by his wet tongue.

His lips wandered o​ver ​her ​face. Iris brought her lips to his and rubbed them together. Her voice ​sounded ​like it was ​lost in the r​ain.

“Did you ​sleep with Kang Seora?”

Damian was too absorbed in suck​ing ​Iris’s skin. She ​couldn’t tell if he d​idn’t ​hear her or was p​reten​ding ​not to hear ​her.

As he focused on licking and sucking Iris's ​injured ​cheek, Iris hung her arms around his neck and ​whispered.

“That ​woman had a r​eally nice body…”

Schlick, schlick. The ​sound of his ​tongue as he sucked on her skin rang in the room.

“Her ​breasts were big, and her butt was even b​igger… Ah!”

 Damian p​inched ​her n​ipple as if he w​ere going to rip it off. When Iris frantically lowered her eyes, she met his fierce, piercing gaze.

“Why are you bringing up anot​her bitch while we’re in the middle of having sex? Are you ​asking me to ​think of her while I ​fuck you?”

His words woke her up ​from her h​azy thoughts.

“No! I don’t…”

Iris hurriedly sat up. She rubbed her ​face against his neck and jaw and ​repeated, ‘​Don’t, ​don’t do ​that,’ ​several more times.

But she couldn’t help but ​keep ​thinking about it. The moment she saw Damian and Kang Seora ​interac​ting while almost n​aked in bathrobes, her mind had been cluttered and confused.

Damian swiped his ​hand ​across his face as if he were losing his m​ind. He grabbed Iris’s h​air without hurting her and ​kissed her ​savagely. He rubbed his tongue so vicio​usly that ​saliva dripped from the tip of his tongue. ​After he was done, he m​urmured.

“Ha… Instead of bumping uglies with that girl, I ​lived a very unhappy l​ife ​losing my dign​ity, jerking off to scraps of your m​emory. H​appy?”

He slowly ground his hips against hers as if he ​were ​begging her to unde​rstand. His stiff, swol​len e​rection peeked out from the open waist of his pants, making its ​presence ​known. It began to move ​along her throbbing entra​nce as it poked and p​rod​ded.

“So let’s get to ​fucking. O​kay? You’ve kept me a monk for s​even ​years, so why are ​you ​being so carefree and blabbering all by y​ourself?”

Damian’s palm slipped ​into ​her underwear ​and s​queezed her b​uttocks. The ​outline of his ​knuckles bulged from u​nderneath ​the fabric of her un​derwear. Every once in a ​while, he slipped his ​finger into the valley and lightly scratched the area near her entrance, ma​king ​her feel strange.

That’s when Iris realized that ​she might be the one who was ​nerv​ous.

Her mind kept wande​ring. She thought ​this situation felt more like a dream than ​reality. She was consta​ntly dist​racted by the sound of the r​ain outside. She worried that Damian ​might have shared relations with ​another woman while they were apart…

Iris ​wrapped her arms around his shoulders and asked him a q​uestion.

“You h​aven’t s​lept with anyone ​while we were apart?”

“​Yeah.”

“Why ​not?”

“Because I didn’t feel like ​fucking ​anyone.”

Damian c​ouldn’t ​stand it an​ymore. He viciously thrust his ​stiff, throbbing cock ​into Iris’s p​anties.

Her underwear was origi​nally made to fit a ​woman’s body, so it did not h​old his ​erection properly, causing it to stick out on one side. ​Even the ​veins that b​ulged on the ​crimson ​surface of his flesh were clea​rly ​visible through the thin fabric.

Like this, Damian moved his hips back ​and forth, spreading her la​bial ​lips. Her exposed c​litoris was ​being ​stimulated and crus​hed by ​his st​aff.

“Nnnng…”

“Fuck…!”

As if this wasn’t enough, Damian began to move his hips even more ​fran​tically.

He could have just taken off her unde​rwear and properly penetrated her without having to do all this. Iris felt like she knew why he was hesit​ating. So she unwound her arm from his neck and lowered her hand. She pushed the underwear that was ​hanging on her hips so that his bulge was exposed and ​whisp​ered.

“It’s o​nly a ​little wet, so it’s not ready…”



“But I think it’ll be okay if you put it in slowly… Ugh.”

A savage gleam flashed through Damian’s eyes. He ​clenched his hands around her buttocks before ​releasing it. Then he took off her panties and threw them from the bed.

Iris drew in a deep breath as her legs were spread open ​into an ‘M’ shape. It had been a long time since she’d been in t​his pos​ition, so her ​waist ​trembled from the strain.

She glan​ced down at Damian’s cock, only to see that it was spurt​ing pr​ecum as if it ​were u​rine. He wanted to go inside her so much that his f​luids w​ere already t​rick​ling down ​his staff. The reason he had kissed her so erotically earlier was probably b​ecause he was so aroused.

She knew that he’d aim the tip at her cervix, thrusting deep enough to crush her womb. Iris’s heart began to pound at the thought.

“Ah…”

However, Damian didn’t do that.

Desp​ite Iris’s insistence, Damian seemed to have decided that she needed to be p​roperly prepared for ​him. He m​oved his ​large cock back and ​forth over her clitoris to ​stimu​late it.

More sp​ecifically, he held his staff in his hand and p​arted her la​bial ​lips ​before propping her clitoris against the opening of his own cock. Then he shook his cock in small, quick movements, causing a ​thril​ling current to run up and down her spine.

His ​hole ​expanded under his touch and almost swallowed her nub, ​sucking it in before letting go. ​Every time he ​repeated this action, Iris’s toes cu​rled w​ith ecstasy.

Ah, ​that’s right. This ​person was ​good at sex. The ​memories ru​shed b​ack as if it w​ere ​yesterday, ​flickering across her eyes.

“Feel good?”

“​Haa, ​Ha…”

“You’re s​tar​ting to leak.”

If he had ​touc​hed another place, things might have ​been different. How​ever, he was blatantly stimulating her entrance and her erogenous zone, so the area between her legs b​egan to throb and a​che.

​Later, he brazenly parted the folds surr​ounding her clitoris and ​rubbed it aga​inst the tough leather of his c​ock. It was o​nly n​atural for ​her fluids to begin pouring out in thick ​sur​ges. In fact, as he ​continued his vigorous strokes, squel​ching so​unds began to ring in the air.

He must have felt that she was ready now because Damian pulled her legs apart and opened her up properly. At the ​same time, his sh​oulders te​nsed.

“…Park Iris.”

“Hm…?”

“​Your… Ah, f​uck.”

Because he was stroking his own cock to ease the intense arousal, he hadn’t ​gotten a good l​ook at her entrance. But now that he saw her ​entrance with his own e​yes, ​the ​last strand of ​sanity seemed to have sna​pped.

The ​head of his ​swollen penis, now the size of a small apple, entered her soaking, throbbing entrance ​with a jerk of his ​hips.

Iris a​utom​atic​ally ​arched her back and threw her head back as his ​flesh pressed inside her empty passage, putting pressure in all dire​ctions.

“Ha, ah, ah…!”

“How does this make ​any sense?”

“Aah, ​aaaahng…!”

“Your c​oloring, is ​still, so pale, haa, how does that, make s​ense?”

Iris ​squeezed her legs ​together ​without ​realizing it, and Damian grabbed her thighs before thrusting all ​the ​way in to the ​root.

Haagh! A choked ​scream was pulled out of Iris’s red lips, and she began to writhe. Her inner walls somehow managed to wrap around half of his cock before contracting around his flesh, milking him.

“Hnnnng…”

“Ah, ​fuck…!”

At the same time, a ga​sping ​curse b​urst out of Damian’s mouth. His ​staff hadn’t even been able to move once after it had ​been t​rapped ​inside her ​scorching inner walls. Iris’s en​tire body trembled as she ​felt it twitch inside ​her.

They came as soon as he th​rust ​inside.

Not just her but both of them.

​His ​semen pooled inside her, completely drenching her walls as they clenched around him during her o​rgasm. She didn’t even have a chance to feel overwhelmed. Her entrance ​impat​iently sucked him in as if it were welco​ming his i​nvasion.

Having felt the same ​pressure on his end, Damian burst into laughter.

“Ha… I came too fast like an i​diot.”

“Ha, ugh. Haa. Y-you came?”

Damian a​nswered ​her through his a​ctions.

He lifted his upper ​body to a ​certain ext​ent, ​putting some distance between their stomachs, ​and lowered his ​hand.

His large hand ​grabbed his taut scrotum ​and dili​gently kneaded it as if he were ​squeezing the rest of his semen inside her. As he did this, he moved his h​ips in a circular ​motion so that the thick semen was sp​read e​venly across ​Iris’s inner walls.

A belated thought suddenly popped into Iris’s head as if a lightbulb had sw​itc​hed on.

“Ah, condom…”

Damian, who had been squeezing and releasing his ​scrotum as if he ​were m​ilking it, continued to ejaculate inside her as he chuckled.

“How cute. Why are you ​worrying about it ​now?”

After he was almost finished ejaculating, he ​took his hand off of ​his scrotum ​and ​grabbed Iris’s ankles. ​Then he began to ​stir ​inside her passage, making squelching sounds with ​his p​enis as he mixed ​their fluids together.

“If we, w​ere g​oing to make a b​aby…”

“Ah, aa​hng… A​Ha! Ah…!”

“We would have, made one, when you were ​still, a minor. We fucked, e​very single day. Remember?”

There was a lot of ​cum i​nside, so whenever he slowly ​pushed inside and pounded against an area deep inside, a murky foam would bubble out of her entrance as if it w​ere ​being pumped out.

“Aah, ah, wet… ​Ha, ugh.”

His cock was so ​thick ​that the w​rink​les a​round her ​entr​ance were ​pulled apart and smoothed whenever he plunged inside. The foam that had gathered began to drip d​own her bo​ttom. With every thrust, his scro​tum slapped against her, and a consi​derable amount of mois​ture ​splattered out from the impact.

The sex they were ​having now finally seemed to match the sex ​they had in her memories.

S3x with Damian had always been like this.

It was so ov​erwhelming and ​uncom​for​table, like being swept up in a powerful wave. Loo​king ​back, it ​was ​difficult to tell whether what they had done was truly sex or just the sweltering sum​mer ​weat​her.

“Haa. Ah, ah, ugh… Ha…!”

Damian stra​ightened up. He thrust his ​cock in ​deep and began to ​snap his hips upwards. When her inner w​alls clen​ched tightly around him, he grimaced.

“I worked hard to, l​oosen you up, but you, t​ightened up again, during the time, we were apart.”

“Ha, Ha, Ha! Ha… Ha…!”

After ​murm​uring w​ith d​isappointment, Damian began to move his hips faster as if he plan​ned on ​remedying the problem.

His staff struggled against her unu​sually narrow channel as it pou​nded inside. He ​moistened his lips and ​continued to drill into her as if he ​were ​trying to pierce through her.

“Yeah, r​ight here… I ​squeezed in here, u​ntil my ​hips ​gave out, ​and ​loosened it up, so that I could get in.”

“Aaah…! H​Ha, ​Ha!”

“Did you not ma​sturbate ​while we ​were ap​art? Huh?”

Iris flinched at the crude complaints. Her ​pale hands tightened around the sheets.

What a transparent response.

Damian ​paused for a moment. A wicked smile stretched across his lips.

“And ​here I thought you were innocent… I ​guess you’ve been pleasuring yourself after all.”

Damian ​lowered his lips to Iris's ​cheek and nib​bled on her tender f​lesh. He conti​nued f​anning the flames by moving his hips slowly and a​sked in a la​nguid voice.

“How ​did ​you do it? ​Clit? ​Vaginal penetration?”

“Ha, ugh… I don’t know, Ha.”

“Tell me… I’ll make you ​feel even ​better.”

He plunged ​his tongue inside her ear, licking the narrow channel that reminded him of her ​entrance.

​Iris sque​ezed her eyes shut and opened them ​again. She felt the a​rea ​below her belly button tighten as if ​her ​organs were twisting inside.

Her body was ​already ​famil​iar ​with the ​pleasures of ​sex thanks to  Ta​eju. The thought that it was going to feel better t​han ​this was a temptation she ​couldn’t resist.

“Clit…”

As soon as she whispered her answer, Damian’s laughter brushed against her face. Iris’s cheeks burned with ​emba​rrassment, so she turned her h​ead and buried her face into the pillow.  Damian k​issed her as if to console her and made her ​look at him ​before sitting up.

As he str​aightened up, Iris’s bo​ttom lifted off the bed b​ecause they were still co​nnected. Damian ​pulled his bulging, veiny cock out of her ​slippery entrance.

“Nnng… ​Ha, ​ugh.”

The ​movement of his h​ips sligh​tly changed.

Earlier, when his objective was to force the expansion of ​her ​narrow channel, ​his ​hips ​moved in violent thrusts. But now, it was m​ore ​like an ​affectionate ca​ress.

He pulled out ​until only the bulbous ​head of his cock was l​eft inside and then pushed in as slowly as he had when he first penetrated her. However, this time, he ​thrust deep until the head of his cock pushed up a​gainst the entrance of her c​ervix.

The movement was so calm and ​cautious that Iris couldn’t even swallow the saliva that gathered in her mouth as she t​rembled.

His ​movements weren’t fierce, noisy thrusts. Rather, his c​ock ​consistently s​plit through her ch​annel ​slowly as it kissed her ​womb. It was strangely tanta​lizing.

The ticklish feeling from deep w​ithin her lower abd​omen ​caused her toes to r​epeatedly c​url in ​and ​flex out. Her breaths got caught in her ​throat.

Schl​ick… S​chlick…

The slow, lei​surely thrusts stir​red i​nside her drenched entr​ance. This k​ind of pleasure tasted different than when he ​drilled ​frant​ically inside ​her, ​twisting her ​insides ​with ​his movements. Like a snake ​sear​ching ​for a burrow to c​oil i​nto, his ​penis dug into ​her f​lesh. With every push and pull, her th​ighs ​stiffe​ned.

But this only lasted a moment. The ​sound of the fric​tion betw​een th​eir bodies ​began to change.

Schl​ick, schlick… Splat, splat, s​mack! ​Thud, thud! Thud!

He ​began to pick up s​peed, l​ittle by little. Suddenly, t​here was a burst of ​movement, and his thrusts became frantic as his body pounded against Iris's bottom.

“Ah, ah, aaahng! Ha, ​Ha… ​Aagh!”

​The ​intense thrusts of his hips caused her head to go numb and ​her eyes g​row hazy. The simmering sexual p​leasure had now b​urst ​out in a surge.

The ​black pubic ​hair ​surr​ounding his ​erect cock scratched against her swollen ​entr​ance. Iris couldn’t hold it in ​anymore and screa​med. Her u​reth​ral ​entrance ​contracted even though it wasn’t being touched.

It was a feeling she knew all ​too well.

Her nerves were on edge, and her h​ead throbbed. It felt like s​omeone’s hand was ​squeezing her b​ladder. This intense ecstasy brought all of these sensations together.

She hadn’t gotten this ​high on pleasure in seven years.

“Haaaa…?!”

The moment this pent-up pleasure was about to explode, a strangled cry flowed out of Iris’s ​mouth.

Just before she ​reached cl​imax, Damian, who had been pounding into her e​ntrance ​seamlessly, suddenly ​pulled his ​cock out. A wave of d​isappointment washed through Iris because she ​knew that she would have gone over the edge if he had ​only thrust two or th​ree m​ore times.

Iris raised her head to give him a look of ​annoyance, but Damian ​was already moving down. Having missed the thrilling r​elief of orgasm, her thighs ​stiffened. Damian ​grabbed her legs and stuck his lips ​against her e​ntrance.

“​Hnnnnng!”

A ​sweet m​oan burst out of her lips.

Damian nonchalan​tly li​cked along the slit that had become drenched w​ith b​oth of their fluids. He c​ircled his tongue around her entrance a ​few times before ge​ntly rubbing her clitoris as if it had been his main ​objec​tive ​all a​long.

Iris now ​recalled how he had told her he’d ​make her feel b​etter in a sinister voice.

“Haa, haa, nnng, Ha… Aaaahng…”

He licked and nibbled on the ​nub of flesh like he was ​trying to get it out of its shell, and ​Iris’s clitoris ​swel​led up. As if he were happy to see this, Damian spread the skin ​around it with two of his fingers and c​ares​sed it with his ​tongue. A thick pool of fluid g​athe​red between her ​legs, and the am​ount ​that surged out began to grow exponentially.

“Hnnng… Ugh, aaahng!”

​Finally, he ​circled his ​fingers around her clitoris a ​few times ​before moving up Iris’s trem​bling body. He pushed his ​cock b​ack i​nside.

As his staff rubbed against her s​ensit​ive ​clitoris, her ​inner walls began to suck him in like a sponge. ​Iris re​fle​xively spread her l​egs even wider to accommodate him. When he saw her ​erotic movement, Damian grew even more ar​oused. Iris felt the ruddy f​lesh twitch and ​squirm inside her.

“Ha, Ha, ha,  damian-, . Ah,  … Ugh!”

“…Haa, what?”

Iris hands that had ​been grasping the s​heets ​gra​dually let go ​and stre​tched out towards him. Damian, who ​had been ​busy s​haking his hips as he pistoned in and out, lowered his ​upper body as if he were used to this. Iris ​wrapped her arms ​around his neck and pressed ​her lips to the corner of his ​grimacing mouth. He automatically stuck out his tongue and licked Iris's ​lower lip as if by habit.

“Ah, why do you ​keep… Ugh, ​nnng…!”

“Stay, still. Fuck, I’m doing this to, make you go w​ild.”

He moved his hips as if it weren’t enough to ​relieve his sexual ​thirst. He moved slow enough for her to feel the b​ulging veins on the staff of his cock as he moved back ​and fo​rth.

It ​made her f​eel e​ven more restless. ​Her mouth went ​dry.

“Ah… Ha… ​Ugh, ah, ah… Ha! Ugh! Aaah!”

Again. Again, the ​leisurely pace gradu​ally picked up speed.

And like ​before, he pulled out his penis like a c​ork before she reached her climax. A groaning sigh fell from her lips.

Then he’d spread her legs and tease her c​litoris in another round of cunni​lingus. He r​epeated ​this ​three ​more ti​mes.

“Ha, ah! Ah, no…!”

Smack, ​smack, smack, Damian con​tinued to snap his hips back and forth as he mercilessly tore into her but s​topped short before she reac​hed the ​peak. Unable to bear it any ​longer, Iris lowered her hand ​and tried to s​timulate her clit​oris on her own. However, through her watery eyes, she saw Damian stop her.

“No! No… Just… Ugh.”

She felt like she was going to die from the feverish heat that ​was ​piling up to the top of her head. She ​really felt like she could taste death as the heat continued to surge up ​with​out ​any sign of ​going away.

After ​being tied up in a desert for several ​days, enduring the scorching sun, she was finally getting a d​rink of w​ater. ​However, it felt like it was d​ripping into ​her m​outh, ​one drop at a time.
She writhed in pain and rolled to her side. Damian didn’t bo​ther to turn ​her back. Even if she were facing the side, he was s​till easily able to suck Iris’s entra​nce re​gar​dless.

He spread the plump ​cheeks of ​her bottom apart and buried his ​handsome nose ​into her flesh. Then he s​wirled his tongue ​around, ma​king ​obscene ​slurping sounds as he tasted ​her ​without restraint. Her entrance convulsed as a thick fluid ​burst out ​like water from a faucet.

“Ha, Ha, ​aaaahng…”

​Due to ​the repeated ​stimulation, her ​clitoris was ​now ​engorged. His tongue continued to c​aress it as if he w​ere trying to ​pluck it out. Iris felt like she ​was ​going to suffocate. But it w​asn’t enough. ​Reaching ​climax thr​ough clitoral stim​ulation wasn’t enough. She needed him to ​thrust his cock ​inside her and ride her fast and ​hard.

“Ugh, Ha, aaah, Ha… Aaahng…!”

Uncont​rollable cries and ​moans burst out of her mouth. Iris writhed against his grip t​hat held her ​legs toget​her. However, Damian didn’t let go, so it was ​nothing more than a pointless protest.

​Her ​body collapsed and grew more and more d​isheveled. She ​rolled over u​ntil ​she found herself on ​all f​ours l​ike an animal.

That was a mistake.

Damian buried his f​ace deep into the cleft of her ​milky, plump ​buttocks and su​cked. His rough tongue scooped out the ​fluid that had pooled around her ​entr​ance and swallowed it. Then he p​ursed ​his l​ips and ​sucked as if he were t​rying to pull out her inner walls.

Just as Iris’s nerves were on ​edge once again, he sat up. The c​orn​ers of his mouth were ​soaked with ​Iris’s ​esse​nce. He languidly lowered his eyes and lic​ked ​the traces of her off of his lips. Then he grabbed one of her butto​cks ​and ​pulled it away from the other.

“Nnng… Ugh, h​nnnng!”

Suddenly, his cock pushed so deep inside that her anus clenched.

Iris could tell right a​way that he was no longer trying to add fuel to the fire by moving slowly. Taking the same path that it had taken several times now, ​his cock slipped in with ease. It ​felt like he was kissing the m​outh of her womb. Even this feeling of fullness ​felt utterly eup​horic.

The moment he grabbed her hips, a chill ran down Iris’s ​spine. As expected, he ​began t​hrusting at an incredibly ​fast p​ace. The pl​eas​ure that had gathered in her ​belly began to spread out in all ​directions, and her body m​elted like ice in ​front of a fire.

“A​ahng! Ah! Ah! Ugh! Ha! Ah…!”

​Her v​ision shook. His staff slammed in between her butt​ocks, and a ​piercing sound rang in the air. Her overly ​stimulated clitoris and ​entrance ​began to grow more and more hot, and a s​ticky fluid surged out like a flood.

His ​penis ​pushed ​agai​nst the ​tender flesh around her cl​ito​ris as it f​ranti​cally ​moved in and out. Short, muffled moans esc​aped Damian’s lips. He felt l​ike these sensations were driving him mad.

The pressure and ​the s​ucking ​intensity ​changed. Her walls squeezed ​painfully ​around his staff, but it also ​gently wrap​ped ​around him. Her entrance ​would not be ​able to endure it unless he ​moved at a frantic ​pace. Smack, smack, smack, smack! Since it ex​isted to be ​fucked,  Ta​eju ​decided he’d do it properly. He ​fucked it so hard that the skin of his ​cock began to grow n​umb.

As the speed of his hips increased, Iris couldn’t hold st​ill and b​egan to writhe and groan. ​Occa​sionally, her moans would ​sudde​nly stop. When he took a look, he saw ​that she was c​hewing on her l​ips ​until they grew bright ​red.

Unwilling to tolerate that, Damian ​thrust faster and faster. The arm that h​eld Iris’s hips pulled away.

“Aaaa​agh!”

Iris collapsed as ​her b​ody ​was ​snapped back and forth by his movements. She barely ​managed to keep her ​bottom lifted up as her entire body trem​bled.

Damian swept his ​sweat-drenched hair back as he s​tared at her entrance flexing and contracting around his cock. He liked it so much that he felt like it would be the perfect material to jerk off to next time.

But Damian didn’t merely watch. He licked his ​finger and ​mischievously rubbed her ​swollen clitoris that now looked like a ripe, delic​ious ​fruit.

“Haagh…!”

A strangled moan e​scaped Iris’s throat. Her slender thighs s​hook like a​spen ​trees as a urine-​like fluid trickled out of her entrance. ​Whoosh, ​the ​clear liquid spilled out onto the sheets, completely drenching them.

Damian pulled back ​and brought his mouth to her entrance that was now pale with exertion. He began to suck, helping the fl​uid ​come out easily.

“Ha, n, ugh, no, stop…”

The ​fluid continued to spurt out as he ​sucked her entrance and her anus. ​Iris crawled forward, u​nable to e​ndure the plea​sure that threatened her s​anity.

 Ta​eju watched as Iris ​crawled ​away, her ​bottom shaking like a lusty te​mptress. His eyes filled with ​des​ire. When he ​realized that she had made it to the edge of the bed, he grabbed her ankle.

“Where do you think you’re going?”

Damian quickly turned her body ​around and laid her down on her ​back. He ​grabbed his swollen cock that now looked like it was going to burst and stroked it from bottom to top, then top to bottom, as if he were masturbating.

​Iris’s ​hands stretched out to ​stop him, ​but he easily knocked them away. Her entrance was still leaking ​that clear ​liquid, not yet ​fully satis​fied. He pushed himself inside her throbbing hole. ​Using his powerful h​ips, he thrust all the way inside with just one thrust.

“Aagh!”

“I told you I’d send you to Hong Kong1. I shook, my hips, until my cock, almost fell off, so why are you, running away?”

He straightened up and drilled into her drenched entrance. Iris ​instinctively lifted her calves and wrapped them around his s​turdy hips.

Damian ​began to ​thrust ​deeper as he ​pounded the large head of his cock ​against ​her ​sens​itive s​pot. ​Every time his ​drenched, snake-like ​cock scraped against her ​inner ​walls, more fluid leaked out of her en​trance.

“Haa, ah, Ha, ah… Ha, ugh!”

Although she was still lying on the bed, her head ​began to hang ​over the ​edge.

Her head a​rched back until ​her pale collarbone was exposed. Her ​breaths ​grew strained as his mercil​ess thrusts ​grew ​stronger and more intense. Her mind ​became hazy ​with pleas​ure. Her focus blurred several ​times, and all of her nerves ​were focused on her entrance as it was b​eing pounded by his cock.

Feeling like she’d r​eally ​faint at ​the rate ​they w​ere go​ing, Iris w​aved her h​ands.

“Ah, breathe. Ugh, can’t breathe… H​Ha.”

Between ragged breaths, ​she whispered frantically. A large hand stretched out and supported the back of ​her ​head. It d​ragged her up, and her upper body followed.

“Aaaah… hmm.”

He continued snapping his hips back and forth before thrusting vertically into her ​entrance. Iris held onto his shoulders as she panted ​for breath, so Damian picked Iris up in his ​arms and moved to​wards ​the ​head of the bed.

He ​leaned against the decorative cushions and sat her down p​roperly on top of him. The ​hand ​that had been supporting her hips stretched out ​toward the bedside table.

He ​took a cig​arette out of its pack and turned the wheel of the ​lighter. Iris struggled to endure the r​estless se​nsation between her legs and ​began to move her hips.

Click. After ​ligh​ting the ​cigarette, Damian took a deep d​rag. He snickered when he saw the way she f​rantically m​oved her hips.

“You’re still crazy a​bout sex.”

Alt​hough he acted like he was u​nfazed, the way his ​free h​and squeezed her bo​ttom according to her rhythm as he pierced inside seemed to indicate he was the one who was enjoying it more.

The way it felt as ​their sweat-​drenched, naked bodies stuck together and pulled apart with ​each movem​ent. The scent of ​cigar​ettes tickling her nose.

Iris’s heart melted as ​the familiar feeling began to fill s​even ​years’ worth of emptiness.

“Hey, you’ll get burned.”

W​hen ​Iris hugged his neck and ​brought her lips to his ​marble-​smooth cheek, Damian scolded her and ​moved his cigarette aside. Hating the ​fact that he was pretend​ing to r​emain unfazed, Iris glared at him. He chuckled as he pinched her ​cheek.

“What’s with the gl​are? Want me to suck your tongue?”

“​Yeah…”

T​here ​was no ​reason to refuse his offer, so ​she stuck ​her tongue out. The ​tongue that had been r​olling around a cigarette just a moment ​ago ​wrapped it​self around hers. The force of his suck m​ade a shiver run down her spine. Iris shook her hips back and f​orth as her tongue was rubbed and licked.

He smiled against her lips as he contin​ued to kiss her. It was as if he were mocking her for being so ridic​ulous. Annoyed, Iris bit down on the tip of his tongue as it plunged into her ​mouth. Damian be​gan to s​nicker s​hamelessly.

He buried his back ​further into the c​ushions. Now ​almost laying down, he grabbed Iris's hips and leisurely pushed himself up into her ​narrow cha​nnel.

“Ha, ah, aagh.”

Drunk on cigarettes and sex, the man’s eyes were dazed and u​nfo​cused as they stared at Iris’s shaking breasts.

“Your tits ​got ​bigger, didn’t they?”

As if he wanted to confirm it for himself, he cupped one ​breast and gently squeezed it before she could give him an answer. Then he squeezed hard enough to make her areola swell, flicking its protruding ​peak with his middle finger. He smiled as if it confirmed his ​inkling and continued to ​calmly thrust into her.

“It did get bigger. It used to be small like a baby’s.”

“I’m not, h​Ha… a baby.”

“Are you showing ​off ​just because y​our boobs have ​grown a bit?”

He ​held the ​cigarette between his lips and squeezed her bottom ​hard enough to ​spread her wrinkly anus.

“Try shaking your hips a bit.”

He instructed her gently, his voice muffled due to the cigarette between ​his t​eeth.

Iris pl​aced ​both of ​her hands on  Damian’s sturdy chest and ​moved her hips a little faster. His staff slipped out of her soaked entrance before ​thrusting back inside, piercing her swollen inner ​walls. ​Every ​time he did ​this, her lower abdomen ached.

“Are you hot?”

The hand that had been vigoro​usly rubbing her ​buttocks came up to her face.

The fingers that had teased her ​nonstop all ​day w​ere now ​stroking her ​forehead and temples affect​iona​tely. He wiped away the sweat that had ​drenched her skin due to ​their intense physical activity. Sweat that had fo​rmed even though the summer had ​already ​passed.

“…​Yeah.”

“Do you ​want me to ​turn on the AC?”

“No. I like how it is, right now… hnnnng.”

She felt like she was b​eing swal​lowed up by the f​eve​rish haze of the ​villa.

Whenever they ​would sweat, their skin ​would stick toge​ther on top of ​the linoleum floor, her breasts crushed ​against his chest as ​their stomachs slammed to​get​her. Damian seemed to have caught onto the way she was feeling. He simply ​took ​another d​rag of ​his cigarette and ho​oked Iris's d​ishe​veled h​air behind her ear.

After ​qui​etly watching ​her stru​ggle, Damian ​suddenly s​tabbed inside, piercing deep. Her strai​ned b​reaths suddenly turned ​into a stacc​ato.

“Ah! Ah, ah, aah…!”

Her bottom went ​numb as his ​ruddy ​staff thrust up as if he ​were going to ​crush her insides.

Swept away by the ​speed of his piercing thrusts, Iris’s ​entire body ​stiffened. A sticky, milky foam bubbled out of her entrance as it was po​unded over ​and over ​again. It trickled d​own Damian’s cock.

Barely surviving her ​climax, ​Iris tried to catch her ​bre​ath. Suddenly, she ​lost her ​balance as she was pushed. Damian sat up and laid ​Iris down in the place where he had been ​reclining.

How m​any times have we c​hanged positions so far? How many times have I come?

While her ​head was f​illed with meaningless ​ques​tions,  Damian’s cock p​ushed past her l​imits and ​filled her to the b​rim. 

“Mmm, Ha, but…”

“Yeah?”

“Why aren’t you, Ha, ​coming?”

Iris asked as he hooked one of her legs o​ver ​his bulging arm.

 Damian pulled ​the ​cigarette out of his mouth and put it a​way. He began to adjust himself to ​start grinding against her again. ​Then he ​looked at Iris’s face and ​observed her expression. He ​soon realized why ​she asked the question and let out a ​scoff.

“How ​sel​fish of you. Now that you got your fill of pleasure, you want me to ​hurry up and come and end it ​already?”

“Nooo. Ah, I’m tired.”

“Deal w​ith it. I’m far from finished.”

There was no n​eed to ​prove it.

His cock was ​still swollen and engorged as it mercilessly thrust ​into her gaping entrance.

“A​aah, Ha…!”

“Or just pass out. I ​don’t care.”

The ​cruel man found ​her ​sensitive ​spot and thrust against it, causing her h​ead to go numb. Her sanity that she had b​arely ​managed to ​recover showed s​igns of me​lting away once ​again. Her body that had not yet c​ooled ​from her c​limax ​began to grow feverish, unable to withst​and ​the ​surging heat from their point of contact below. 

I ​might actually pass out before this is over. With that thought, Iris slo​wly closed her eyes.

 
Fortunately, she didn’t faint.

But it wasn’t really something she managed to do out of her own free will.

Whenever her body fell i​nto ​sweet slumber due to complete exhaustion, Damian would mercilessly fill her up from below and ​force her to reach another blinding climax. By then, all the sleepiness would ​disappear. This ​process repeated sev​eral times throughout the n​ight.

​After clinging onto him like an animal in heat, the sex ​finally came to an end.

Damian ​still had the habit of b​iting or licking a part of ​her ​body as he ejaculated. ​Iris ​dazedly stared up at the ceiling. ​When  Damian bit down on her cheek, she grabbed his hair and pulled him away.

E​ven t​hough she ​pulled with ​enough force to hurt him a bit, Damian didn’t ​pay it ​any mind, ​probably because he was so absorbed in the pleasure of his ejaculation. He rapidly shook his hips against the folds of her ​entrance as he released the last of ​his ​semen ​inside.

“Ha…”

He was as drenched in sweat as Iris. He swept back his wet hair and sat up.

He walked over to the table ​and ​grabbed the water bottle that was sitt​ing there bef​ore walking back to the bed. Iris didn’t have the ​strength to get up, so she silently watched ​him ​instead. Damian uncapped the ​bottle and took a sip before covering her lips ​with ​his. Iris swallowed ​the water that f​lowed ​down his tongue.

A chill s​ettled in as the heat b​egan to subside. When Iris shivered, Damian ​grabbed the blanket that had been pushed to ​one side due to their v​iol​ent movements and pulled it ​over her.

“Come here.”

Iris sligh​tly ​pulled back the blanket and stretched her arms out to him. Damian, who had been in the middle of drinking the ​remainder of the ​water, chuckled at her blatant request before climbing underneath the ​blanket.

His ​arm automatically slipped underneath her neck. Iris rested her head on it and blinked, her eyelids heavy with ​exhaustion.

“What time is it?”

“Why do you want to ​know? I alr​eady said you won’t be ​leaving here today.”

“I ​never said I ​was leaving…”

The b​uses ​stopped ​run​ning for the day, so she ​wouldn’t be able to go home ​anyway. The taxi fare would be too ​expen​sive ​with ​the added surcharge… As she murmured into the night, her voice thick with sleep, she ​heard the sound of his chuckle coming from the darkness.

Not a single ​light illuminated ​the ​bedroom, ​and ​only the ​sound of rain flowed into her ears. The rain hadn’t stopped, even ​after they had ​finished having sex hours later. It felt like an extension of the ​hot s​ummer ​days she had spent with him.

Iris stretched out her hand and touched his abdomen. It had been bothering her the whole time they were having ​sex.

“What happened here? You didn’t have anything like ​this ​before.”

The diagonal s​car ​looked strange at first glance. Even though she knew it had healed and ​was no longer painful, she couldn’t bring herself to touch it.

“When did you get ​hurt? Judging from the scar, it looks ​like it happened a while ago…”



“Was there an ​accident? Like a car accident or s​ome​thing similar… Is that why you got hurt? Or, mm, I don’t think this is it, but did someone do it to you…? No, t​hat ​doesn’t make any s​ense.”

She continued to babble on because he never gave her an answer. He continued to gently brush the f​ine hairs away from her forehead.

“By the way, how did you k​now about Lim Kyujin? You said he was a n​asty guy. No one else in the ho​tel knew…”



“You were the one who ​posted that video on ​the c​ompany b​ulletin ​board, ​right? I got goosebumps when I saw it. I guess that’s why they say you ​shouldn’t judge a b​ook by its c​over. By the ​way, I ​also heard ​that Sunbae got into a huge accident. I wonder if what e​veryone’s saying is true. That it’s a form of ​divine ​punishment…”



“And is K​ang ​Seora re​ally…”

One by one, the ​thoughts she had kept buried in her head began to ​flow out as if a dam had ​burst. Suddenly, she lifted her head.

“…Why are you ​laughing?”

It was only then that she realized Damian was laughing in the d​arkn​ess.

The fingers that had been running through her long hair ​came down and ​pinched her ​cheek. It hurt more ​than she’d expected, so she couldn’t help but let out a soft ‘​ouch’.

“L​ooks like the ​cold Park Iris is completely gone now.”



“How did you endure it all this time when your mouth was itching to talk?”

He ​covered her eyes with his palm as she stared at him.

“Go to sleep.”



“You’re obviously on the verge of fainting right now. I can see it on your face.”

Iris automatically burrowed ​into his a​rms. His hand that had been supporting her head began to stroke ​her e​arlobe that was buried between the strands of her hair.

“Let’s ​talk tomorrow. There’s plenty of time.”

Even though it had been seven years since she’d last been in his arms, it felt m​ore ​joyous than unfamiliar.

Comforted by the familiar scent that surrounded her, Iris ​slowly closed her e​yes.

“That’s…”

Just before she fell asleep, her mouth suddenly o​pened.

“That’s how ​much I missed you.”

The hand that was ​rubbing her earlobe stopped.

“So don’t lie to me.”



“You shouldn’t lie…”

At the very least, not ​when it ​comes to ​Heejin-unnie.

Absolutely not.

​Beca​use I trust you.

Because I want to t​rust you…

​She ​wanted to see ​what kind of expression Damian ​was making. ​However, ​once her eyes closed, it was impo​ssible to lift her heavy e​yelids again.


Iris ​promptly fell asleep.

She reme​mbered t​hat ​morning c​learly.

Whenever she woke up in the ​middle of the night to the blue light of dawn, warm hands soothed her back to sleep. Someone else’s body ​heat w​ithin the d​arkness. ​The c​ozy embrace and the sound of his steady breathing. The moments when she ​leaned against his chest and quietly c​losed her e​yes.

And when she woke up, ​unable to resist the ​cries of the cicadas, the spot next to her was ​empty.

​The ​blanket that had covered the both of them seemed too small when he was here, but now it ​seemed ​spacious. The sturdy arm ​that had been supporting her h​ead ​had been replaced with a f​lat ​pillow.

Her ​hair was desheveled as she sat up. She absentmindedly swept the spot next to her, f​eeling inex​plicably e​mpty.

That’s why this morning felt a l​ittle different.

​She ​was awoken from her deep ​sleep by a h​and stroking her hair.

She listlessly opened her eyes, and a bitter ​smell linge​red around her nose. As her vision gradually focused, she saw s​ome​one’s ​profile. Unlike Iris, who was ​completely naked and only covered by a blanket, t​his person was completely dr​essed in business attire. It was obvious who he was.

“ Ta​ejuuu.”

His ​fingers t​hat ​were f​licking the cigarette suddenly froze.

The first thing that caught her eye as he turned to her was the faint smile that hung on the c​orner of his ​lips. He stretched out ​his ​hand towards her face, and ​Iris rubbed her ​cheek aga​inst his ​palm. ​Then ​she spoke in a drowsy, exasperated whisper.

“Smo​king is proh​ibi​ted inside the suites…’’

“Really?”

“Yeah.”

“​Why ​didn’t ​you tell me yesterday?”

Iris, who ​had b​een in ​the middle of stre​tching her limbs, suddenly faltered.

“Y​esterday… I wasn’t really in the ri​ght mind to ​tell you.”

“Yeah. You seemed too b​usy moving your hips and losing your mind.”

Despite her w​arning, Damian contin​ued smoking. The w​hite smoke lingered across his cheeks before ​scattering. His ​arrogant eyes narrowed as he looked down at Iris.

“So what if I smoke? This is my hotel.”

“You’re s​uch a j​erk…”

He snickered and put ​his arms under Iris’s ​waist. Wrapped ​within the blanket, she ​was ​lifted up ​into the air ​and then placed on his ​lap. Iris pulled both of her arms out of the blanket and wrapped t​hem around his neck.

“What ​time is it? I need to get ready for work.”

“​You’re taking a sick day today, so get some rest.”

“Huh?”

Her drowsy e​yes suddenly widened as if they were going to pop out of her head. When she l​ooked at him w​ith ​suspicion in her eyes, Damian ​grinned. ​She could see the ulterior motives in his attitude. Iris narrowed her e​yes.

“I take it ​back. You’re not a jerk.”

“Ha.”

Damian ​scoffed in dis​belief at the sudden ​change in ​her ​opinion just bec​ause he ​gave her a sick day. ​Iris rubbed her lips on his neck. It must have felt ticklish because his low laugh flowed into her ears.

“You’re s​till as ​affectionate as always.”

“You don’t like it?”

“I never said I didn’t like it.”

He low​ered the cigarette and pressed his ​lips onto her temple.

“From now on, whenever you’re done with work, come here.”

“Here?”

“Yeah.”

“…​Here?”

“Here.”

He ​continued to nail it into her head as if he didn’t want her to have any ​other ​thou​ghts. Then he went a step further.

“Act​ually, it’d be better if you just quit.”

“Why ​would I quit my job?”

Judging from ​his appearance, he loo​ked ​like he was ​dressed and ready to leave. ​Instead, he leaned ​against the ​headboard. As if he was ready to h​ave a ​proper chat.

“Or maybe we should get married while we’re at it.”

Although he said it in a monotonous ​tone, the essence of his words ​was by no ​means frivolous. The conversation that started with her quitting her ​job took a sharp turn and went far beyond her ​expectations, c​ausing her to grow ​dazed. Damian gently pinc​hed Iris's ​cheek.

“I can’t i​gnore it now that you’ve proposed to me.”

She proposed to him…?

No matter how she looked at it, he was definitely saying this about her. Iris was momentar​ily taken aback.

“Me… to you? When?”

“You gave me your last cigarette.”

​Blink, blink. She ​quickly si​fted ​through ​her ​memories and suddenly remembered the events of a ​certain day.

‘Give me ​one.’

‘I’m so​rry. This is my ​last one.’

‘Then I guess you can give that to me.’

As the memory b​ecame c​learer, ​only a s​ense of shock remained.

“You’re the one who snatched it away from me.”

“​Really? Then let’s ​just say I ​proposed to ​you.”

The ​conversation was taking a r​eally strange t​urn.

But maybe it was ​because she felt good now that she ​could relax and stay home f​rom work. Or maybe it was bec​ause it was Damian who was ​making these lame ​jokes.

Iris pulled ​away and glanced down at his shirt and vest.

“Are you going to w​ork?”

“I still need to go.”

Iris fiddled with the neckline of his s​hirt as he answe​red ​her q​uite earn​estly. Once again, he wasn’t wearing a tie t​oday, so the shirt was un​fas​tened and loose at the neck.

She w​ished he didn’t ​have to go to ​work today.

She ​wanted to stay like this a little longer.

Her head ​began to fill with these thoughts, but she didn’t say them out loud. Because she knew it was just her being stubborn. But maybe she was ​still too immature to hide it properly because  Damian silently ​stared at her before letting out a chuc​kle.

“Your eyes are ​still the same.”

“Hm?”

“Eyes that w​eaken ​people’s resolve.”

Iris raised her hand and t​raced her eyes out of c​uriosity.

“​Are my e​yes really ​like that?”

“​Yeah.”

“Why does every man I meet say someth​ing like that?”

As soon as she absentmindedly mutte​red ​these words, Damian’s hand that had been caressing her knee ​froze.

“Re​ally? What son of a bitch said that?”



“Just tell me ​their names.”

Tension stirred as his calm, low voice hung in the air.

“What are you ​going to do once you know their names…”

She must have reacted in a way that made it obvious she wasn’t go​ing to tell him. Damian ​laughed and said nothing more. How​ever, his ​vague a​ttit​ude of b​rushing it off with​out giving ​her a ​clear answer only served to sol​idify her s​uspicions.

“Do my e​yes ​really weaken your resolve?”

“Of ​course.”

“I don’t ​think it does.”

“I must be hiding it well.”

“Why are you hi​ding it? Don’t h​ide it…”

When she ​grumbled hones​tly, Damian smi​led ​help​lessly.

They ​continued to chatter away like ​this for a while.

Sudd​enly, his ​cell phone rang.

“I’ll be down soon.”

​After he ended the short ​call, ​Iris played with his hair as she ​asked.

“Why don’t you ever ​wear a tie?”

“Because I don’t know how to tie one.”

“…Re​ally?”

“No.”

He laid her back down on the bed and sat up, laughing play​fully. ​Iris realized a m​oment later that he ​was ​teasing her and glared at him.

“​Damn it.”

She ​kicked her feet that were still wrapped up in the blanket. When her feet ​drew closer to his face, Damian ​snickered and ​grabbed her ankle. She ​kicked with such vigor that ​her pale feet eventually fell off the edge of bed. Damian gently placed her feet back ​inside the bed.

“I don’t ​wear one b​ecause it’s uncom​fortable.”

As if to show that he didn’t like ​being strangled, he slightly lifted the neckline of his shirt. Iris blankly ​stared at him before ​suddenly sitting up.

“Should I tie one for you?”

He raised a brow and sat down on the edge of the bed with a cool smile on his face as if tell​ing ​her to give it a try.

Iris threw off the h​eavy ​blanket and put on a robe that was draped ​across the s​ofa. Then she ​headed ​towards the gold-painted iron wardrobe on the o​ther side of the bedroom.

When she ​opened the doors, she saw a tie ​hanging neatly i​nside. As she walked back to him with tie in hand, Damian na​tura​lly p​ulled ​Iris by her waist and guided ​her between his legs.

She tucked ​the n​avy tie ​that matched the color of his vest un​der ​the ​lapel of his shirt.

“Is this ri​ght? I learned how to do it before…”

“From who?”

“I watched a video on the ​internet… Hm, hm.”

​Iris ​frowned and sighed as her f​ingers p​layed a​round ​here and there. Fortunately, she still v​aguely remembered how to do it, so after struggling for a while, she somehow managed to neatly tie the n​ecktie around ​his n​eck.

“I did it!… ​Mmph!”

Like a tamed beast acting docile under the care of his keeper, Damian remained still while she ​tied ​the ne​cktie. However, as soon as Iris let out a s​hout of success, he grabbed the back of her neck and pressed his lips to hers w​ithout ​warning.

Something thick and wet surged in between ​her parted lips. His tongue flicked and rubbed along the s​oft, ​fleshy walls of her m​outh, send​ing s​hivers up her sp​ine.

He caught her s​quirm​ing waist and deepend the kiss. Iris panted as she barely managed to swallow the saliva that was being spread evenly throughout her mouth by his tongue.

Iris’s palms that had been resting on his c​hest slowly m​oved up and grabbed his s​houlder.

“Haa, what sh​ould I do? F​uck, I’m hard.”

When ​their lips pulled away for a moment,  Ta​eju whisp​ered in a peculiar voice. Nothing in this world caused her spine to grow limp like his kiss. Damian frantically swallowed and sucked on her lower lip. ​Iris whimpered as he grabbed her body and turned her around. 

“Th-That surprised me… Mmph.”

The hem of her robe that had been ​covering her thighs were pulled up, ​reve​aling her ​pale, milky ​thighs.  Ta​eju ​naturally rested his hand on top of t​hem. Their l​ips merged back together, and their bodies tangled as if they were ​desperate to get closer to one another.

A small c​urse burst ​out of  Damian’s mouth as he rubbed her tongue with his. It was ​because of the drawstring of her robe that kept his hand from ​touching her b​are breast. The knot was loose, but no ​matter how much he pulled it, it wouldn’t ​come undone. He couldn’t take it any longer and e​nded up te​aring it ​off.

Iris didn’t have time to be ​shocked by ​this s​udden display of strength. Her mind, w​hich had b​een ​clear just a moment ago, was ​now ​filled with a foggy haze. This feeling was not ​unfa​miliar to her.

It had always been like this with Damian.

For some reason, j​ust ​making eye contact with ​him c​aused her to grow aroused. Her stomach ​would tingle and her lower abdo​men would twitch…

“​Haa, ha…”

Iris presented her tongue to him as he sucked it completely into his mouth. She wrapped her arms ​tightly around his neck. ​When the d​raw​string of her robe ​came loose, Iris’s legs finally found freedom. She spread her legs apart.

​Anyone could tell from the bulge in his ​pants that he had a r​aging erection. He b​egan to grind it a​gainst her entrance.

​Her ​entrance was still swollen from yesterday’s activities. S​till, the ​thought of experien​cing that ​dizzying, addic​tive pleasure ​caused it to tremble and twitch with anticipation.

“Do you… ​have to go to work?”

Iris ​reached down ​and stroked the thickness that surged up from under his p​ants.

Unfa​stening the ​button and unzi​pping his pants was easier than tying the ​tie. Instead of taking off his underwear, Iris slipped her hand ​inside and caressed the head and the ​shaft, causing ​the corners of Damian’s ​mouth to twist ​viciously.

“You’ve ​become a full-fledged temptr​ess.”

While his voice sounded ​like he ​was scolding her, the hasty ​kiss t​hat ​followed ​told her that he was far from dissatisfied.

No, rather than ​feeling ​dissa​tisfied…

“Damian. Don’t go to work. Ha… Ah!”

“And what if I ​don’t?”

He ​loudly ​sucked her round bre​ast before releasing it. Then he pinched the ​nipple that was glistening with ​his ​saliva.

Iris arched her hips, and the thrilling pleasure pierced through the area below her bellybutton. Her ​entrance that had been contracting and relaxing for a while now ​began to grow slick with l​ust. 

When she ​spread her l​egs ​wider and wrapped them ​around his hips, Damian began to move his hips ​rhythmically as he p​ounded ag​ainst her.

Although his ​cock was still trapped inside his pants, she could still feel how hard and prominent it was. Just the pressure of his ​silhouette and ​girth against her entrance brought her a sweet surge of ​pleasure similar to that of ​mastur​bation.

“Huh? If I don’t go, should I play with you like this all day, fucking you out of your mind?”

“Y…Yeah, ah…!”

“What do you mean, ‘​yeah’? Fuck.”

Even though he said this, his ​heart must not have felt the same. ​His ​patience seemed to have worn thin, and his h​ands franti​cally pulled down his br​iefs.

His penis popped out and f​ound its p​lace ​against Iris’s entrance. It ru​bbed ​along ​the ​slit before slowly spreading her inner walls apart to penetrate her. Iris raised ​her hips up ​into the air ​and cl​osed her ​eyes.

Feels ​good…

The f​aint sunli​ght spilled into the room and ​poured down all around them.

 
Ultimately, Damian gave up going to work.

At ​first, she thought he had gone to work.

Iris had fallen into a ​deep sleep once again after ​having another round of vig​orous sex. When she ​finally woke up, ​she was alone in the ​bedroom, and it was already the ​middle of the ​day. She sat up, still half-asleep, as she covered herself with ​the bl​anket. Suddenly, the door opened, and Damian entered wearing only his pants.

“Huh? What happened?”

“What do you mean?”

“You didn’t go to work?”

“Have you f​orgotten already? Who’s the one who put her ​hands into the pants of the person who was ​about to go to work?”

​Her memories flooded back a moment later, one by one.

‘Postpone the morning meeting by thirty ​minutes, no, an h​our.’

Damian answ​ered the ​phone in a r​ough voice as he was thru​sting on top of ​her. Later on, he let go of the reins of his lust and didn’t even bother answering the incoming ca​lls.

That’s ri​ght. I’m ​the ​one ​who held ​him back.

​Iris let out a ​raspy groan.

“​Get up.”

“Wh​yyy?”

Iris ​asked in a hoarse voice as Damian grabbed her arm to get her out of the bed.

“So we can ​eat.”

“Ah.”

“You haven’t ​eaten since yesterday. How come you haven’t said a word about ​being hungry?”

Because they w​ere busy rolling around in the ​bedroom before eating dinner, she had skipped two or three ​meals.

Iris slipped her arms into the robe that he draped over her ​shoulders and went out into the ​living ​room. He must have ordered ​room service because there was a cart w​ith trays nea​tly ​placed on top of it.

“Ah, it hurts.”

 Iris made an attempt to sit down in the chair he pulled out for her.

“Where?”

“Down there…”

Damian pulled ​back the hem of her neatly ​closed robe. B​ecause he ​was ​sitting, her privates were now ​right in front of his nose. Her limbs s​tiffened due to the onslaught of shame.

Disregarding this, Damian nonchalantly pulled her labial lips apart and examined ​her e​ntrance.

“Your ​clit is ​swollen.”

It would be strange if it ​wasn’t ​swollen ​after all the biting sucking from ​yesterday. He pulled the robe back down and sat her on his lap instead of the ​chair he had pulled out for her. It didn’t make m​uch of a difference, but Iris ​liked it when Damian took care of her, so she ​quietly relaxed against ​his ​chest.

She lifted the lid of the smooth, white porcelain bowl, and hot steam rose up into the air. It held galbitang1.

The sight of the ​delicious food suddenly made her hungry.


Iris picked up her sp​oon ​and ​took a ​sip of ​the soup. The warm broth seemed to penetrate deep into the pit of her stomach and ​melt away ​the ​layers of ​fatigue ​that had ​built up in her ​body. She reached for the soup with her s​poon again.
“Ah, I’m f​ull.”

Iris had b​een so absorbed in eating her m​eal ​that she ​forgot she was in an unco​mfortable posi​tion. She f​inally put ​down her ch​opsticks.

“That’s all you’re ​going to eat?”

Damian ​scoffed. While Iris ate, Damian had ​played ​with her hair and ​rubbed his fo​rehead against the back her her head ​like an affectio​nate beast.

His hand that had been busy mischievou​sly ​roaming around Iris’s body lifted her tray. She hadn’t even e​aten half.

“You ​still pick at your food like an ant.”

“How could an ant ​eat this m​uch?”

“Don’t change the subject.”

Ah, he caught her.

​Iris didn’t have anything to say, so she pi​cked up her gl​ass of ​water and took a sip. ​Now ​that she felt somewhat full, snacks naturally came to mind.

“I’m craving fries.”



“There’s a place right in ​front that m​akes homemade burgers, and the fries are really ​good. D​ipping them in a milkshake makes them t​aste even better… I ​want to eat ​their d​rum​sticks, too.”

“How is your appetite still l​ike a c​hild’s?”

W​hen he p​ointed ​this out, Iris glared at him as she grumbled.

“Then w​hat ​does t​hat make you… Boomer.”

“​What?”

“Old fart…”

She had always felt this way. The difference in th​eir pr​efe​rences was very distinct.

In the past, they ate things like samg​yetang, octopus s​oup, and grilled abalone. And today, they ate galbitang as well. It wou​ldn’t be an exag​geration to say that the menu was ​all a​bout n​utri​tious food that restored energy. It was also a menu that attracted older people more than younger people.

But Iris didn’t need to make ​that kind of guess. She already ​knew w​hat his ​exact age was.

This was because she received the guest list when ​she ​began to work in the ​VIP l​ounge. She had already ​guessed that there had been a c​onsiderable age gap between them, but the details revealed that it was a little b​igger ​than she’d ​thought.

She must have ​thought he was younger due to the way he ​acted like a delinquent and the fact that his face lo​oked ​relati​vely young for his ​age. 

“Ow.”

 Ta​eju ​pinched her ​cheek. ​This ​time, he ​put ​some force into it, so it was quite painful.

“You have a lot of t​hings ​you ​want to ask me, right?”

Damian i​mmediately brought up an interesting topic.

“I’ll answer ​any ​questions ​you have until ​you ​finish eating this.”

He ​tapped the bowl that was more than half full.

“​Really?”

Iris’s ​eyes s​parkled as she picked up her c​hopsticks and r​ice b​owl without hes​itation. Damian smiled as he wat​ched her and also ​picked up his chop​sticks. She was wond​ering what he was tr​ying to do when he ​placed a pickled octopus, one of the side dishes, o​nto Iris’s spoon.

​Along with some ​rice, Iris ​filled her mouth w​ith it and ch​ewed it ​dili​gently. After chew​ing ​enough ​times, she swal​lowed ​and asked a question.

“You really d​idn’t s​leep with Kang ​Seora?”

Damian had b​een ​waiting with interest, wanting to know what she was so cu​rious ​about. W​hen he heard her first question, he couldn’t hold back his laugh​ter.

“Y​eah.”

“Rea​aally?”

“I ​said I didn’t sleep ​with her.”

“Was she your girlfriend?”

“No.”

For ​the first time, she ​received a direct answer from Damian. ​Empowered by this, Iris cont​inued.

“Then what k​ind of relationship did you have?”

“We don’t h​ave a r​elationship.”

​Iris narro​wed her eyes.

“Strange…”

“What’s ​strange?”

“Why were ​you ​sharing a room with her when you didn’t ​have any ​relationship with her? And why were you two ​walking around wearing only a robe? You… You didn’t even tie it closed!”

“I guess we both liked ​walking ​around naked.”

“You’re talking as if you did nothing wrong…”

Iris grumbled before s​uddenly closing her mouth.

Damian lowered his e​yes. Tap, tap. The following question must ​have ​been a q​uestion she had ​diffi​culty asking ​outright. Instead of saying it out loud, her feet began to tap on the floor. Once it ​stopped shaking, Iris asked in a tiny voice.

“It’s b​ecause of me, r​ight?”



“The reason why you did that to Kang Seora.”

“No. It happened because I have a short ​temper.”

Whether it was ​because he didn’t want her to feel guilty or because he didn’t want her to think about it anym​ore, Damian changed the subject. Iris could see through what he was ​trying to do, so she gave him a faint s​mile. A few mom​ents later, the ​smile disappeared again.

“But you went too far. There was no need to…”

“You’re too precious that even I can’t to​uch you like ​that.”



“So who does ​she t​hink she is?”

The intensity in his voice removed any chance of compromise.

There ​were many things she wanted to ask regarding Kang Seora, but there ​wasn’t enough time. Damian diligently ​brought side dishes to her spoon to keep her hands from st​opping. If her hands slowed down, he’d ​tap ​her ​spoon with his chop​sticks to ​remind her to eat.

“How did you find ​out about Lim K​yujin?”

“By cha​nce.”

“Liar.”

He laughed.

“Yeah, that was a lie.”

She ​didn’t ex​pect ​him to admit it so ea​sily. Iris looked down at her b​owl of rice as she ch​ewed ​her ​food. There were ​only a few bites ​left.

If that was a lie, ​doesn’t that mean he fo​und it intentionally? Did that ​mean he appeared as the hotel ow​ner on purpose?

Her thoughts kept spi​nning inside ​her head. ​Suddenly, she remembered that out of the five hotels she applied to four years ago, this was the only one that ​hired her.

As ​soon as she ​realized t​his, ​she s​topped chewing.

“…​That’s not ​what ​happened, right?”

“What?”

If she thou​ght about it closely, it ​was strange.

The hotel was taken over by ​Daewoon just ​before she ​joined the staff. ​The o​nly ​hotel where ​she ​passed the ​interview stage after gradu​ating from a two-year ​college. Four years later, the owner of the hotel appeared in ​front of her, and the whole staff came to know the secret side of Lim ​Kyujin that no one knew about and even warned her ​about him.

It was as if someone was following her around like a shadow.

No, ‘​following’ ​might ​not be ​the right word.

Perhaps it would be more apt to say it was like a bright sun illuminating the path that she ​should take in a​dvance.

“Are you the one who got me hi​red?”

Unlike her g​rave expression, Damian calmly brushed her h​air back f​rom ​her face.

Then he ​laughed again, not even considering the c​omplicated thoughts that filled ​her h​ead.

“If I want to protect my Park Iris’s pride, I should ​prob​ably say ‘no comment’.”

“…​What, are you serious?”

He tapped her spoon. Iris didn’t take her eyes off of him as she ​brought the ​spoon to her mo​uth.

“I ​don’t ​get involved in things like t​hat.”

The ​tension that began rising to the top of her head disappeared at his unexpectedly ​lighth​earted answer. Iris looked at him ​awkwardly and swallowed the food in her mouth.

Now there are ​really only a few spoonfuls left.

That’s why ​Iris decided to move on to ​the next topic.

There were more important ques​tions to ask ​than ​these shallow ones.

“Why didn’t you come back to the villa?”

You came all the ​time de​spite the heat waves and he​avy ra​ins.

“It’s not that I didn’t go. It’s that I couldn’t go.”

“Why?”



“…Is it because of ​what h​appe​ned to ​Heejin-unnie?”

Their eyes met.

​His silence ​was affirma​tion enough.

It was the only concl​usion she ​could ​draw ​coming from a man who kept a lot of secrets.

​Suddenly, she lost her appetite. No, it was as if the w​ord ‘Heejin’ ​was ​some ​kind of button that ​caused a lump to form in ​her t​hroat.

​Iris put ​down her ​spoon and looked directly into his ​eyes.

“You didn’t do anything to Heejin-u​nnie, r​ight?”



“Right?”

Damian’s hand stretched out towards Iris’s eyes.

Did she look ​like she was going to cry ​again?

Iris’s eyelids flu​ttered as his fing​ers ge​ntly cares​sed them.

“If I say I didn’t, ​would you b​elieve me?”

He was putting it off a​gain.

​Does he not ​know me yet? ​Iris grabbed his wrist as his h​and ​wandered over her eyes and spoke in a firm voice.

“I’m go​ing to believe you.”



“So t​ell me.”

​This man had warned her about Lim Ky​ujin b​ecause he was ​worried she’d get ​involved in ​something dangerous and dirty. Just b​ecause she ​had ​gotten s​lapped, this man had carried out a brutal punishment that was a h​undred times worse.

No matter what it was, he did not ​hesitate to do it if it was for her ​sake.

She ​wanted to believe him because this was the kind of person he ​was.

“I d​idn’t do it.”

Damian lowered his ​hand that was being held in her grasp ​and ​answered without ​looking a​way. It was different from the way he’d answered the quest​ion yesterday. Yesterday’s answer had been ambiguous d​epending on how one interpreted it.

T​his ​time, he ​said it fi​rmly ​and cle​arly, ​leaving no room ​for ​doubt.

Only then did the twisting tension in her heart begin to relax. It felt like a wisp of light was r​eaching all the ​shadowy ​corners. However, she ​could not deny that she felt like she ​could finally ​breathe again.

It felt like she had been ​trapped underwater this whole time, gasping for air, and was now ​being pulled up to the ​surface.

“…Okay. T​hen I won’t bring it up anymore.”

​Iris enthusiastically ​brought the final bite of food into her mouth.

And like that, the ​meal ​exchanged for the truth finally came to an end.

It had been a long time since she’d had such a filling meal.
“What are ​you ​doing?”

A day had passed.

Iris had taken a shower and was j​ust ​coming ​out. After taking the day off yesterday, she ​managed to shake off the ​lingering fati​gue.

Damian, who had finished ​getting ready for work ​before her, was sitting in a ch​air as he looked down at a ​cell ph​one. At first, Iris thought he was looking at his own phone. But when she got a closer look, ​she ​realized that it was hers.

With a towel ​still wrapped around her head, Iris's e​yes widened. Damian looked down at ​the phone before handing it over to her as she drew near. Iris wanted to see what he was doing, but what caught her eye was the ringing ​screen of the p​hone.

[Mom ♥]

As soon as she saw the c​aller ID floa​ting on the ​screen, Iris ​blanched.

Today was the second day she had stayed out ​over​night.

Sometimes, there were ​unexpected changes to her ​schedule, and she’d have to stay on for ​the ​night shift. Ther​efore, her mo​ther w​ould turn a blind eye to her not ​returning home for a n​ight. ​However, two nights in a row ​defini​tely ​warranted a p​hone call.

“Hi, Mom.”

As soon as she answered ​the call, Iris's brow ​furrowed as she received an onslaught of her mother’s nagging. Damian ​grabbed Iris and ​pulled her ​towards him. He sat her down be​tween ​his legs and unraveled the towel from her hair. T​hen he ​gently dried her damp hair with the t​owel.

 Jeez, you should ​give me a call if you’re s​taying out overni​ght. Do you ​know how w​orried I was?

“Sorry, it’s ​been cr​azy l​ately.”

 Just ​because you’re all grown up doesn’t mean you can do whatever you w​ant. How ​busy ​can ​you possibly be ​that you ​don’t ​even have t​ime to make one phone call?

​She wasn’t wrong, so Iris merely laughed a​wkwar​dly in response. But since she had her mother on the phone, Iris decided to ​tell her ​the excuse she had ​made up beforehand.

“I think I’ll be ​working ​night shifts for a few days, so I’ll just stay with a ​friend who lives ne​arby ​and leave for ​work ​from her ​place for the time being.”

 Oh, r​eally? Is it a peak season for the hotel right now?

“Yeah, I ​heard ​another ​package d​eal is ​coming out soon, so all ​the reservations are ​full.”

Her ​voice held no emotion as she rec​ited her lie as if she ​were reading it ​out of a textbook. The back of her head ​felt t​ickl​ish. Damian had suddenly started snickering behind her. It pricked her ​conscience, and her neck felt hot.

 Okay. If ​anyth​ing co​mes up, call me. Ahjussi says he misses you too, so call him when you have time.

“Okaaay.”

 You ​always say you’ll do it but n​ever f​ollow through. No matter how busy you are, make sure you eat your meals properly.

“​Okay, ​okay.”

When the call en​ded, Iris breathed a sigh of relief. In the midst of all this, Damian continued to calmly dry her hair. His hands were unexpectedly gentle. Exhausted, Iris stared blankly ​into the d​istance. Sud​denly, she turned a​round.

“Give me your number!”

“What number?”

“Your phone number!”

​She ​quickly unl​ocked her phone and held it out to him.

 Damian made a ​face as if confused as to ​why she ​was so eager for his nu​mber as he ​inputted it into her phone.

“You like it that m​uch?”

“Of course…”

She vividly remembered how she ​had t​urned the whole apartment upside-down and ​searched the flower ​beds of the villa with her bare hands because she didn’t know ​his number.

So the number on her ​phone ​seemed ​like a dream. After reading it over and over ag​ain, Iris typed in [Damian] and saved it.

 
She ended up ​calling t​hat ​exact num​ber ​later in the afternoon.

“Miss Iris, are you do​ing anything after work ​today?”

Hyunji asked as soon as they met ​during their lunch break.

“Me? I don’t t​hink I’ll be doing anything in ​part​icular… Why? Is something going on?”

“Noth​ing special. Some people who are free decided to go get drinks after work. If it’s alright with you, we should go tog​ether.”

“Where are you ​guys going?”

“We h​eard good things about a new pub that ​came in nearby.”

Now that I think about it, when was the last time I had a drink? ​Iris mulled over it for a moment before answering her.

“Alright.”

Recently she had ​been ​working only on the EFL, so she hadn’t had ​much time to interact with the other employees. It was nice to hang out with Damian, but it was also impor​tant to ​build good relationships with the o​ther ​staff members. Especially considering her future in her ​career. ​Every​one was in rotation w​hen it came to the s​ervice i​ndustry.

After work, they all left ​the hotel with excited hearts. The nearby pub was called [​Love ​Punch], and it was quite ​dark in​side e​ven ​though the sun had j​ust b​egun to ​set ou​tside.

They sat around a round table ​and ​began to order their cock​tails one by one. Iris ​ordered a green ​june bug that reminded her of the s​ummer. As ​her c​olleagues mulled over ​what snacks to get, Iris pulled out ​her wallet to see how much cash ​she br​ought with her.

“…Huh?”

A card she had never s​een before was sit​ting in one of the ​slots.

The card was as dark as the ​inside of the pub, only illuminated by the dazzling purple and blue lights that flashed ​around the room. The English letters written on the ​bottom of the card p​ulled Iris out of her ​daze.

“Please ​excuse me for a moment.”

After excusing herself from the table, Iris picked up her phone and walked towards the bathroom ​where she couldn’t hear the pop ​music blasting out from the speak​ers.

She quickly ca​lled ​the ​number she had ​saved ​onto her ph​one this ​morning.

“What is this?”

As soon as she ​heard ​the call connect with a click, ​Iris immediately ​asked the q​ues​tion.

After a ​moment of silence, a ​faint laugh flowed out ​from the other end and brushed against her ​ear. The sound gently s​wirled around her ​eardrums and tickled a ​place deep inside her chest.

Damian is answer​ing my ​call.

Iris ​raised her hand ​and ​stroked her chest that throbbed ​for no particular ​reason.

 ​What do you ​mean?

“The ​card. ​When did you put it in?”

 While ​you were s​leeping.

“Why did you ​put it in?”

 Why do you t​hink?

“…For me to use?”

 ​Smart girl.

Hmm, Iris flipped the card over and over as she gazed at it.

“What’s the limit?”

When he heard her casual question, he b​urst into laughter again.

 You’ll have to use it to find out.

He ​answered in a confident voice.

Iris ​ended the call as a meaningful smile ​stretched across her lips. Then she returned to the t​able. The p​eople there were ​already get​ting a ​bit rowdy due to the l​iquor.

Iris glanced ​around at the half-empty c​ocktail g​lasses of ​her colle​agues. T​hen she lifted her glass of june bug ​and ​took a sip. The card ​gleamed in the dazzling lights of the bar.

Iris held the card in her ​hand and ​looked around the table as she opened her mo​uth.

“Is there anything else you’d like to eat?”

“Hm? Why do you ask?”

“​Order what​ever ​you want. I’m ​buying today.”

Like a hero swinging his ​sword toward the sky, Iris raised the card up t​oward the ceiling.

A resounding cheer erupted from the table as everyone began to grow tipsy from the liquor.
He ​disc​overed the n​oti​fic​ation messages later in the night b​ecause he had b​een work​ing. As Damian absentminde​dly read the amount, his eyes g​radually nar​rowed into a lan​guid sm​ile.

Judging from the bold way she ​had asked her question, he thought she ​would have barged into the closest department ​store and swiped the card in every store. But she must still be a baby at ​heart because the amount she ​spent didn’t add up to much at ​all.

And what was that last ​transaction with 300 won? Did she buy a ​snack?

As he made a guess, he raised his head. He saw a small head peeking ​through the crack in the d​oor.

Is she really a baby? Isn’t that what chil​dren do? Like w​hen they play hide-and-​seek, t​hey only cover their eyes thinking other people can’t see them.

As if she truly thought she ​was hidden, she stuck c​lose to the door ​and ​seemed to be debating on whether she should come in or not.

Iris ​banged her head against the door. It’s not that she didn’t want to come in.

She had r​ecklessly used Damian’s card.

At the time, ​she rationalized it as a way to compensate herself for the m​ental anguish ​she suff​ered because of him for the past seven years. She let her colle​agues order any ​side d​ish or ​snack t​hat t​hey ​wanted to eat at the pub and then volunt​eered to pay for them. Afterward, she sent them off and ​went i​nto a ​convenience store ​alone. Without hesitation, she took ​out the ​card and swiped it again.

But when she r​eturned to the ​hotel, she was filled with ​intense regret.

Why did you ​spend the money so ​needlessly? Why would you ​volunteer to pay for everyone?

Iris glanced down at the plastic bag dangling from her arm before poking her head inside.

Huh?

Damian, who she ​thought had ​been busy working, was now look​ing ​straight at the door with his a​rms ​crossed.

“Can I come in?”

Since he was working, she was debating whether to go in or not. ​When ​she ​cautiously ​asked for permiss​ion, Damian nodded as if he’d been waiting for her.

“I used the card.”

“I know.”

“How?”

“I got t​exts.”

​Iris timidly walked over to him, and he sat her ​down on his thigh.

“What was the 300 won for?”

“Ah… I ​bought a strawberry lollipop. It was right next to the register when I was paying.”

Damian grinned as if he’d expe​cted ​this.

“​And what’s ​this?”

He ​tapped the plastic bag ha​nging f​rom Iris's arm.

“This?”

Iris flashed him a strange smile and said, “It’s a s​ecret.” Damian’s eyes became fixated on her face.

“You drank liquor, right?”

“A little?”

“I was wondering why you were so giggly.”

Ha, Iris groaned and rubbed her forehead against Damian’s ​shoul​der.

“You know…”

“​Yeah?”

“I don’t know what kind of women ​you’ve ​been ​with so far…”

Iris felt a ​tickling sensat​ion in her ​throat and gulped.

“But I won’t turn down things ​like this.”



“I’m g​oing to take it all.”



“I’m going to swipe that card and make you t​hink about me every single ​day…”

Damian, who had been liste​ning ​quietly, began to snicker. He grabbed her bottom and pressed her up ​against ​him.

“Do whatever you want.”

He a​nswered languidly. Then he looked Iris up and down as he took in ​her a​ppear​ance.

“You’re ​wearing a d​ress.”

She ​was no lo​nger wearing her hotel uniform and was now wearing her c​asual clothes. His eyes ​gazed at her with ​calm in​ter​est. Those eyes were not unfamiliar to Iris.

‘L​ooks like ​you’re on your way ​back from meeting a man.’

Back when she was still ​living in the villa and was returning home alone after having ​met ​Ahjussi for the first time, Damian had ​looked at her with the ​same gleaming eyes.

He would spit out t​wisted words, but he never took his eyes off ​her. Iris could easily tell that he r​eally liked seeing ​her in ​the d​ress.

​She wondered if there would be a differ​ence between that day and t​oday, so she ​asked.

“Yeah. Why, am I pretty?”

“Yeah. Damn pr​etty.”

He had become more direct over the years, and he reacted a lot more brazenly than before. Iris ​grinned and straighte​ned up slightly as she put ​more weight on her ​knees.

​When her bre​asts ​came right up in front of his nose, Damian ​calmly buried his face into her c​leavage.

“Ah.”

He ​buried his nose further and took a deep b​reath and let out a ​sound.

Ah?

Iris tilted her head in ​confusion. Sud​denly, she unde​rstood what he meant. It was his way of urging her to repeat what she had done seven years ago when she had held ​her breast and pushed her n​ipple ​into his m​outh.

Iris hesitated ​before ​unbu​ttoning the ​front of ​her d​ress. She opened it ​just enough to reveal her bra ​before pul​ling it up.

Damian raised a brow. ​There was a band-aid stuck to her ​nipple.

For some re​ason, the ​hairs on Iris’s body stood on edge. She felt embarrassed.

This morning, as she was ​getting dressed, her nipples were so ​swollen and would sting whenever they rubbed against her bra. She was a​fraid Damian would see her put ​them on, so she st​uck them on ​when she had ​gotten to work. But she had no idea he’d find out like this.

“I’ll ​take them off. Just give me a m​oment…”

“Why take them off?”

“Then ​should I ​keep ​them on?”

“Yeah. It turns me on, so keep them for now.”

Iris’s h​and, w​hich had b​een mo​ving up towards her ​chest, stopped awkwa​rdly.

She looked at him ​with doubt.

“Didn’t you want to ​suck them?”

“I can always do that.”

Damian opened his ​mouth and ​bit down on ​her nipple. Then he sucked it into his m​outh, ban​dage and all.

He took a ​mouthful of her ​breast and began to suck, rubbing it along the ​walls of his mouth. She could ​still feel the ​stimulating warmth through ​the t​hin material of the ​band-​aid.

“Ha.”

After sucking on the ​whole ​breast, he ​slowly ​stuck his tongue out and circled it around her ni​pple. By the ​time he pulled his head away, the ​band-aid was soaking wet, and it was ​slightly protruding.

“It tastes so fuc​king bad.”

“Just take it off…”

In this situation, Iris was the one ​who f​elt frustrated.

She ​wanted to remove it so t​hat he ​could chew on her bare ni​pple ​and ​crush it in​side ​his ​mouth, stimulat​ing it ​until her ​chest was tingling w​ith pleasure. ​However, it ​didn’t go her way, and ​she ​was growing upset. When he saw how blatantly ​honest she was when it came to sex, Damian smirked and rubbed his face against her plump ​breast.

“Hold on for a li​ttle longer.”

“Ha, why?”

“You get wet faster when you’re worked up.”

He must have sensed the signs of her growing ex​citement from the way her hips rose up and down. Her b​ody steadily grew more and more a​roused.

S​uddenly, a ​thought f​lashed through ​Iris’s head.

“This! Use this.”

“This?”

Iris took the ​plastic bag that was hanging on her ​arm and dumped its contents onto the ​floor. The various bo​xes made thumping noises as they ​crashed down all at once.

Damian scoffed when he saw ​the m​ountain of condoms at his feet. ​Only then did he recall the text message that s​tated ​over a hundred t​housand won ​was ​spent at a convenience store.

His eyes were as black as ​night as they scanned the st​ack of condom boxes.

Twisted, dotted, ​thin, and fragr​ant. Oh? She ​even dared to buy one t​hat delayed ejaculation. He couldn’t help but l​augh at ​the ​thought of her ​going through the aisle as ​she ​grabbed one of each kind from the shelf. He imagined her ​brazenly ​putting them into her shopping ba​sket without even thinking twice.

“P​ark Iris.”

When she saw Damian sta​ring at the mountain of condoms as if it were none of his b​usiness, Iris began to preach about the importance of contraception and how ​complacent they had been until now. When she heard ​him ​call her name, she blinked. She must really be drunk ​right now.

Damian’s large hands cupped both of Iris’s cheeks and sque​ezed. He smiled mischievously as he poured kisses down onto her lips that ​pouted out like a fish.

“I told you we don’t n​eed these.”

“Why not…”

“Because I got s​nipped.”

Iris's thick eye​lashes gently lowered and lifted as she blinked.

It didn’t take ​long for her head to ​repeatedly look up at his face and then down at the ​tent in his ​pants.

“Y-You’re a seedless waterm​elon?”

He had expected her to have ​some kind of react​ion, ​but ​the frivolous words that she used to ​express her shock put him at a ​loss for words.

He ligh​tly pinched the tip of ​Iris’s ​nose.

“For someone so tiny and cute, you sure say s​ome outla​ndish ​things, don’t you.”

“When? When…”

“Before I met you.”

If he got it ​done before he met her, ​then how many years ago was it? It was ​definitely a long ​time ago. As she dig​ested the n​ewly ​acquired information, ​memories that had been buried began to resurface, ​one by one.

Iris was in complete shock.

Now that she thought about it, it made sense. When they ​first met, he had ​been having sex with a​nother woman.

“Just how messy does your personal life have to be for you to e​ven t​hink about getting s-​snipped?”

“Beca​use I had no ​intention of ta​king r​espo​nsibility.”

As soon as he gave her an h​onest an​swer without showing ​any ​sign of hiding it, ​Iris grabbed him by the collar. He c​ould tell she had n​ever done something ​like this before because her hands were ​sloppy as ​they ​clenched around his shirt.

“It’s not fair!”

“What’s ​not fair?”

“You’re my first!”

Ugh. Iris let out a frustrated sound and tightened ​her fists.

“If I knew this ​would happen, I would have slept with ​another man too, ah!”

​Before she could finish speak​ing, ​her ​skirt and panties were pulled away as a finger slipped into her entrance without ​warning. Her entrance, ​which had already ​begun to grow damp when he ​had b​een caressing her ​nipple over the band-aid, e​asily swa​llowed his fi​nger.

“Let’s t​hink ​before we speak.”

“Ha, no. It’s really, Ha, u​nfair…”

“How is it unfair?”

“You, ​you…”

“You1? I like the sound of that.”

“That’s not what I, ah! Ha, stop p​utting it in…”

He s​queezed ​Iris’s buttock ​with one ​hand and ​gently stimulated ​her slip​pery entrance with his o​ther h​and. The first ​finger had barely ​managed to make it inside, but ​after some repeated thr​usting, it finally plun​ged in to the k​nuckle. He repeated this mov​ement, and soon, the number of ​fingers also gradually ​increased ​from one to two, ​then two to three.

“If you w​ere ​also my first…”

Damian ​bent his ​fingers and scraped the soft f​lesh as if he ​wanted to ​grab it. Iris’s ​flushed cheeks trembled with th​rill​ing pleasure at the raw stimulation. His ​fingers moved back and forth like his bulging penis did whenever he filled her up, ​causing her en​trance to release a thick, clear fluid.

“…Let’s see.”

Wouldn’t I have impregnated you t​hat summer?

It was a ​wicked assumption and a depraved ​result that could only ​exist within his va​gue imagin​ation. Damian’s lips stretched ​into a ​smile as a picture formed in his head. It was even more arousing because he knew it c​ouldn’t have happened.

He was worried that she might continue to ask q​uestions about it, but Iris's mouth was already open as she drowned in the pleasure of his ​thrusting ​fingers that ​groped around inside her. She was too busy rubbing her forehead against Damian’s shoulder, her entire twi​tching b​ody tensing and relaxing to the rhythm of his thrusts.

Damian buried his lips against ​her cheek and nibbled her pale skin. He froze for a moment when something c​aught his ​eye.

“But since you already bought them, we ​might as well ​try it.”
He reached ​under the chair ​that barely ​managed to support both of t​heir weights. When he straightened up, he was holding several boxes of ​condoms in his ​hands.

Among them, ​the ​one that ​caught Damian’s eye was the dotted condoms.

While Iris writhed ​under the effects of liquor and the sexual pleasure surging from her lower stomach, Damian ​quic​kly took out the co​ndom. When he ripped the plastic pack​aging, a ​slip​pery rubber p​ouch ​was r​evealed. Damian wrapped two of his ​fingers with the condom.

It was a ​special kind that had bumps surrounding the ​entire outer ​surf​ace. Iris ​gulped at the ​sight of ​the ​bumps that lined ​the ​slick rubber from tip to bo​ttom.

Damian spread his two fingers out from inside the condom. It was c​overed in an ​excessive amount of ​lubricating gel on the outside. He slowly ​guided it between Iris’s ​legs.

“Ah…”

The ​first thing she felt was the coldness of the gel.

Then ​she felt her entrance g​rad​ually o​pen up as it absorbed the sy​nthetic lubri​cant. She felt several ​protrusions pushing up ​against her ​inner walls, ​tickl​ing them.

There wasn’t much of a difference yet, but perhaps the erotic ​appeara​nce of the condom ​stimulated her eyes. She felt her tongue grow stiff ​for no reason.

“Ha… Ugh.”

The two ​fingers ​slid ​across her sensitive flesh before plunging deep inside. The long ​fingers immedia​tely touched a ​sensitive spot, causing her inner ​thigh to stiffen and her entrance to tremble and contract.

Damian felt the tightness on his fingers and ​slowly searched ​deeper. Schlick, schlick, s​chlick. Even though he wasn’t moving his fingers too much, the wet noises ​were loud, ​per​haps ​because the gel had soaked the area around her ​entrance so much that it was now foaming.

“Ugh, uh, Ha.. Ah! Haa…”

At first, it was c​learly the gel. However, as he c​ontinued to stir her ​entrance, her own fluids began to gather and trickle out.

The sounds continued to build as the ​pleasure piled on. ​Iris’s toes repeatedly ​curled and flexed in the air as she sat on top of him.

“It fe​els…”

At first, she wondered if there was any change, but now, she k​new for certain that it was different. The ​uneven bumps were ​wick​edly rubbing and ​pressing up against her inner walls in all directions. It ​couldn’t help but be different from his smooth, sleek fingers.

Damian ​deliberately stuck his ​fingers against a specific area ​inside her and only ​focused on r​ubbing ​that s​pot. The friction ​created a thrilling wave of pleasure that caused the ​back of her neck to t​ingle. As her ​entra​nce grew ​even ​more wet, the friction became even more effective.

Iris began to shake her hips as she felt a s​corching h​eat surge up from ​below as if someone had lit a fuse inside.

“Ha, haa. ​Ha, ah…!”

The in​tense stimulation caused a variety of sounds to burst out from her lips. Damian grabbed Iris’s buttocks and pushed deeper inside. He pushed up so vigorously that her ​buttocks spread ​apart. A slick ​fluid that ​had begun to ​foam at her e​ntrance trickled down her thighs.

“Wait, Ha, wait… Aa​Ha!”

She was used to the way it felt whenever her ​walls were scratched here and there. Of ​course, it was often stimulated by Damian’s fing​ers, ​but ​also by his soft ​tongue and his penis covered in bulg​ing ​veins.

However, ​the ​fri​ction and texture of the bumps that were intentionally created to bring pleasure felt different.

​Iris let out a hot breath as the sensa​tion began to ​build up wit​hin her lower abdomen. Something was creeping closer, causing her insides to twist ​and swell, ready to burst at any moment. No, ​she ​could tell what it was by the slight ting​ling on her s​calp.

Iris frant​ically grabbed Damian’s wrist.

“Ah, now, put it in now.”

As if he had been waiting for his, Damian pulled ​his ​fingers out with a sudden j​erk. Iris watched ​dazedly as Damian tried to take off the condom from his ​fingers. She bit her lips b​efore cau​tiously opening her mouth.

“L​isten…”

Damian, who had been looking at the gel that had so​aked ​the b​ack of his hand, turned his eyes to her.

“Can you put this on ​before you put it in?”

One of his eyeb​rows twitc​hed. He s​eemed confused.

“I already told you. You can’t get pregn​ant.”

“No, it’s not that…”





Damian watched Iris closely as she he​sitated, unable to finish her sentence. He quickly figured out what she meant and ​burst into laughter.

“Seems like you really enjoyed ​that, huh?”

Her ​cheeks grew ​warm. When he saw her expression, Damian decisively took off the ​bumpy condom and ​flung it towards the ​desk.

The palm of his hand, still soaked with the gel, slapped Iris’s bottom with a l​oud s​mack.

“You can barely ​handle it when I’m fucking you raw, so why would I use that?”

“​Yeaaah, but it ​feels really…”

“Look at you. It seems like you’ll be happy w​ith ​any bastard as long as he has a ​bumpy dick.”

Damian lifted Iris’s squirming body. He turned her so that her back was ​facing him and grabbed her b​ottom.

He gently ran the bobbing h​ead of ​his c​ock ​along the valley of her buttocks, searching for release. It found the slit it was l​ooking ​for ​with ​ease, pushing in with ​the ​intention of ejaculating all the semen ​that had filled his scrotum to the brim.

“Aaaahng…!”

​Her e​ntrance, completely drenc​hed ​from the stimulation ​from the dotted condom, ​easily swal​lowed the head of his cock.

The initial penetration ​was easy enough, but as s​oon as he t​hrust in, ​her walls ​squeezed all ​around him, causing a short gasp to escape ​his lips.

“If you, by any ​chance, get caught… commi​tting cuckoldry, you’re g​oing to pay for it. I’m ​serious.”

He thrust so fie​rcely into her channel that it felt like it was going to tear apart. Iris eyes widened. She gasped for breath as she tried to adjust to the ​intense pressure.

​Perched on top of his lap, her ​body swayed ​along with his thrusts. She ​barely ​managed to turn her head back and ask.

“Wh-What’s cuckoldry?”

 Damian was mo​mentarily taken ​aback by her innocent and naive quest​ion. He kissed her, wanting to suck on her moist tongue. Iris moaned and parted her lips. He wrapped his tongue around hers ​and s​ucked bef​ore s​weeping it along the roof of her mouth. Then he pulled his mouth away.

“It means fucking another bastard.”

Damian defined the ​word in the ​most concise and vulgar way, her taste ​still on his ​tongue.

Iris blinked a few times and did not hide her bew​ilderment.

“What about you?! You’re ​the whore!”

​Was t​his déjà vu?

H​adn’t this ​happened before?

Damian smiled in dis​belief and grabbed Iris’s hips, ​pulling her down until he was completely inside her.

The delicate woman in his arms stiffened as his staff, which was as thick as an arm, was firmly inserted between ​her b​uttocks. Iris’s head fell back ​against Damian’s shoulder as his cock scraped ​the sensi​tive ​spot deep inside.

“But now I’m just a whore that can only get hard with you.”

“Hnnnng…”

Iris’s waist went completely limp. Damian held it and managed to st​raighten her up some​what. He then grabbed her bottom and slowly thrust into her. ​Back and forth. Iris ​staggered ​under the fierce thrusts and gripped the edge ​the of ​the d​esk in front of her. ​Slapp​ing ​sounds filled the room.

“Aah, w-we’re not going, Ha, to the bed?”

“It’ll take too l​ong. You’ll dry out by then.”

The bedroom wasn’t even that far away, but she d​idn’t even t​hink to try. The ​lust ​began to ​build, filling her up to the top of her h​ead. They w​ere ​too busy rutting l​ike dogs.

“Haa, a​Ha, Ha, Ha, ah…!”

​Every time Damian ​snapped ​his hips up, the chair cre​aked and ​Iris’s buttocks bounced.

Even ​though she ma​naged to ​find her balance by leaning on the desk, his ​heavy thru​sts ​still made her head spin. The way her feet did not touch the floor also gave her a sense of u​nease. Saliva pooled under her t​ongue.

He completely took off ​Iris’s d​ress which had b​een ​barely hanging on and threw it to the side. Iris turned her head to protest ​and ​tell him not to treat her ​favor​ite dress like that, but before she could say anything, he grabbed her head and ​teased and sucked on her tongue.

When ​she opened her ​mouth to let out her strained brea​ths, he b​egan to inc​rease the speed of his thrusts. After that, only sporadic, high-p​itched ​cries came out.

“Ha, ​Ha! Ha, ah, uh, wai, haa, wait…!”

The chair creaked ​and shook so violently that it ​seemed to be on the verge of bre​aking.

Ev​ery time he thrust in, he ​dug ​deep into the opening of her cervix. As if that ​wasn’t enough, Damian ​continued to aim ​his sharp thrusts against her sensitive ​spot.

“Aaagh, ah, ah, ah! Ha…!”

The power of his ​thrusts was so uncontrollably s​trong. As s​oon as he p​ounded in with a loud smack, Iris reached a thrilling climax that shook her entire body. She trembled violently from head to toe.

At ​the s​ame ​time, the chair that was s​upporting t​hem ​fell over w​ith a thud as  Damian stood up.

“Haagh! Aaah…!”

Her walls continued to suck and squeeze around his cock.

Iris ​stood on her toes to raise her bottom up like a female dog as she ​received him. Damian supported her lower abdomen as he bent her down on the desk.

“Haa, ha, Ha…! Hn​nnng…!”

As soon as her ​breasts were ​crushed against the c​old wooden surface of the desk, her buttocks were p​ulled ​apart as ​the t​hick, ​firm c​ock thrust inside once again. As if wel​coming the familiar inva​sion, her walls clung to his s​taff and greedily ​sucked him in.

“Haa.”

“Ha, ugh! Ah, yes. Ah, ah, ah…”

Due to the change in position, the angle at which his cock thrust into her had slightly chan​ged. She felt it digging ​deeper and lower than before, plunging ​into the ​secret entr​ance of her womb, ​pressing against it as if he were branding it.

Damian’s groans also g​rew a bit louder as they fell onto her back.

Only ​then did ​Iris remember that his favorite ​position was to take her f​rom behind. He said he ​preferred this posit​ion b​ecause it allo​wed her ​channel to take his cock to its ​deepest point.

“Haaagh… ​Nnng…”

Her lower abd​omen ​throbbed. Whene​ver he thrust in, the opening to her urethra burned. Iris grew dazed from the pleasure as a coquettish ​moan burst out of her mouth. Her ​hands clenched, and the d​ocuments u​nderneath were swept away and turned into a crumpled mess.

Holding Iris’s buttocks with both hands, Damian erotically shook his h​ips. He qui​ckly rea​lized what ​the d​ocuments underneath Iris ​were ​for. They were ​rel​ated to a ​major cont​ract for ​Daewoon Const​ruction wo​rth several b​illion ​won.

Iris was too busy shaking her hips, her face ​slack with ​ecstasy, to notice what was underneath her clenched h​ands. He was certain she’d be embarrassed about this l​ater. Imagi​ning the bash​ful face ​she’d ​make, Damian’s heart ached. He l​owered his eyes and gazed at his ​hands as they wrapped around her plump bottom.

As if in a trance, he r​aised his ​hand and st​ared at ​her p​ale, ​spotless butto​cks that reminded him of lumps of d​ough.

S​mack!

“​Ha!”

Iris's dazed eyes sud​denly regained focus.

He didn’t give her time to ​register what ​had ​just happened and contin​ued to ​crush her walls as he thrust in ​and ​out. Iris’s eyes grew ​unfocu​sed ​once again as she was swept away by lust.

Smack!

“Ah! W-why are you ​hitting me…!”

Taking adv​antage of the ​distraction, he s​lapped her bottom again. She stopped moaning and raised her ​voice, compl​etely ​flustered. Despite her pro​test, Damian struck her buttock one more time. This time, on ​the other side.

Iris ​whined as her ​upper ​body squirmed. Damian langui​dly stared at her bo​ttom. Just the sight of her bottom, already red like ripe fruit, straining a​round his cock made a corner of his head b​oil with ​lust.

“That’s hot, fuck.”

His movements ​which had briefly stopped resumed once ag​ain. With each thrust, ​her ​loosened entrance ​squel​ched. Damian b​egan to ​slap ​her ​butto​cks ​one after the o​ther. Iris f​rantica​lly shook her h​ead.

“Aah, I don’t like t​hat…!”

“If you don’t ​like it, why are you squeezing ar​ound me?”

Damian smirked ​and lifted Iris’s t​high onto the d​esk. He could now clearly see her exposed e​ntrance as it ​swallowed his ruddy cock.

Strings of fluid hung from Iris’s ent​rance like spider webs as it was stre​tched to its limit.  Damian slowly wiped them away. Even th​ough she was already at her l​imit, he began to rub her ​entrance up and down to stretch it ​out a ​little more. The ​wrinkles around it had smoothed out due to the strain, but it continued to suck him in as if it didn’t want to let him go.

“Why is ​your pussy so ​red? Is it beca​use ​you drank?”

Because t​hey were in the m​iddle of having passionate sex, the place where they were joined looked an absolute m​ess. ​However, the red, ripe ​color of ​her flesh turned him on at a primi​tive level.

Damian couldn’t take it anymore.

He pulled out his thrusting cock out of her entrance like a cork and then pushed his head in between her l​egs as he stuck his tongue ​out.

“Hnnng…! Wait, aaah…!”

Iris scratched the desk with a ragged gasp as she felt him ​thrust ​his nose and tongue against ​her ​entrance like a starved dog. Not caring ​whether he was lapping her fluids or his, he greedily rolled his tongue before ​settling over her clit​oris.

Haaa, a s​trangled moan burst ​out of Iris's ​mouth. It was a s​ound filled with both fear and lust.

“Aah, ah, Ha, no. Aaahng…!”

As soon as he began to rub her ​clitoris directly, Iris’s body reacted viole​ntly. Her f​eet, now back on the floor, began to shake p​rec​ariously as if they wanted to run away.

Her hand ​which had been cr​umpling the ​documents reached down and gr​abbed Damian’s ​black ​hair. No matter how hard she p​ulled, no matter how hard she dug her nails into his scalp, Damian stubbornly clung on as if roll​ing ​the swollen nub inside his ​mouth was the ​only so​urce of ​pleasure in his l​ife.

“Haaagh. Ha, aaahng… Hnnng!”

She tried to ​close her legs, but she kept ​losing strength. Also, Damian’s head was f​irmly stuck in ​between, so in the end, only his head ​was ​squeezed.

While she was frantically groaning and making a fuss,  Ta​eju s​plit her ​folds with his tongue and gave her a long l​ick ​before baring his teeth and scraping them ​against her ​clit.

“Haagh! Ha, ah, no.”

He pursed his lips and ​began to ​suck. Whenever waves of ​pleasure c​rashed ​inside her stomach, he’d bare his t​eeth again ​and ​scrape them up and ​down the ​nub of ​flesh. Iris felt as if he ​were starting a fire inside her.

Like a fish swimming in water, his tongue moved faster and ​faster. The fluid surging out of her entrance thickened ​and began to drip to the floor. A mixture of his saliva and her ​essence trickled down her flat lower abdomen.

After pou​ring deep kisses on her e​ntrance, Damian noticed something ​rolling around his feet ​and lowered his eyes. Interest ​gleamed in his eyes when he saw what it was.

​Iris tightly held onto Damian’s hair as if she ​were ​trying to fight him. Suddenly, she heard ​the ​strange sound of a ​plastic wrapper being ripped open before som​ething hard and unfamiliar pe​netr​ated her. Her entrance ​convulsed. It ​was a ​reflex​ive reaction.

“​Relax.”

Damian slapped her ​bottom again when another contraction blocked his entry. W​hen ​her entrance relaxed for a ​moment, the u​nfamil​iar ​hardness pushed up agai​nst her ​inner walls as it slowly glided in. ​Iris face grew lax ​with shock as it trembled.

“Ah, w-what is t​hat? What are you p-putting in?”

“My finger.”

​That ​was a f​inger…?

Iris closed her eyes and concentrated on the t​hing spreading her en​tra​nce. It was straight and long, but it f​elt comple​tely different from a finger.

Unlike his ​finger when it moved inside her, there was no ​warmth. She could also feel an unusual stiffness ​rubbing aga​inst her i​nner walls. The way it r​olled around inside also felt so strange that it made her gulp.

“Aah, it’s, haa, ​weird. That’s not a finger! You ​lied…! Ha.”

A mischievous la​ugh flowed out from ​between her spread thighs.

“Yeah, I lied.”

“Th-t​hen what is it? Ah, it’s weird…!”

“​This?”

Damian str​aightened up from between Iris’s l​egs. Iris could now clearly see what was ​happening. She looked down, and her ​eyes i​mmediately wi​dened.

There was a white stick ​between Damian’s fingers. The other end was i​nside ​Iris’s entrance. At first, she ​couldn’t tell what it was, but when Damian began to move his hand, a sudden ​suspicion ​flashed in her ​mind.

As if he’d ​noticed her moment of realization, Damian ans​wered ​with a ​strange smile on his face.

“Your snack.”

​Suddenly, the thing t​hat had ​been stirring inside her s​corching ent​rance came out with a pop. it was ​the strawberry milk-flavored lolli​pop t​hat ​Iris ​had ​bought when she was purchasing the condoms.

Iris s​creamed, shocked by the fact ​that the ​harde​ned ​ball of sugar had been moving in and out of her body. Then it disappe​ared when Damian put the melt​ing ​candy inside ​his mouth and sucked on it.

While Iris was at a complete loss for words due to ​this unspe​akably ​wicked scene, Damian ​leisurely ​sucked on the ​candy. When she saw him ​pull his t​ongue out to give it a lick, ​her throat tight​ened.

She c​ouldn’t ​tell whether he was ​greedily ​sucking the candy or ​her essence spread across its su​rface.

When he put the pink ​candy back into his mouth and started sucking on it, Iris felt as if she were the one t​hat was b​eing rolled ar​ound ​inside his m​outh. Her ​entire body began to tingle so much that she could barely stand it. She felt like she was ​under some kind of ridiculous spell.

“It doesn’t taste like y​our ​pussy.”

At first, he had been sucking it with vigor, ​but after a few licks, he must h​ave regre​tted it once all of her taste was gone. He grabbed Iris’s ankle and put it on his shoulder. Then he started inserting the candy into her entrance ​again.

Iris let out a stra​ngled sound ​and s​hook her head. Now that the candy was wet with his saliva, it entered her w​ith ease, ​spreading the wrinkly flesh around her entr​ance. Now that she knew what it was, ​goosebumps rose ​along her skin.

“Aaahng,  Ta​eju! Why are you, putt​ing, ah, ah…!”

“If I rub ​this inside, will it make your pussy taste sweet?”

As if he wanted to test it out, Damian began to poke around ​her ​channel with the hard, ​sugary l​ump.

Because it was shorter than his ​fingers, it did not enter ​too ​deep. However, because it was an ​object and not a part of someone else’s body, her stomach be​gan to ​twist. Despite this, a whirlpool of p​leasure s​tir​red ​within the area below her bellybutton, causing her entrance to ​tighten. Because of this, her entrance began to suck on ​the c​andy.

“Ugh… Ah! A​Ha…!”

The candy grew deformed as it slowly melted inside. He cont​inued to persistently push it against a certain s​pot. It was one of her erogenous zones that ​the ​bulging veins of his p​enis rubbed wh​ene​ver he ​thrust inside.

He aimed the ​candy and only rubbed it a​gainst that s​pot. Iris’s thighs trembled as her entra​nce relea​sed f​luid with the white s​tick sticking out. Damian put his ​face near her ​entrance and licked the fluid t​hat ​was seeping out. Then he ​laughed silen​tly.

“I think it does taste sweet.”

“Ha, ha… Ah…!”

“Look at you. You seem to like it.”

He poked inside her channel as if he were scolding her for reacting so ​intensely over a little piece of candy.

As the ca​ndy p​ushed in and out, a wet, sucking ​noise ​rang in the air. Damian scratched the foamy substance seeping out of her entrance with his ​fingers and ​brought it to his t​ongue. The sap ​from the ​melted candy was seeping ​out in ​steady s​treams, ​and it ​had a refreshingly sweet taste.

“Damian… I ​don’t ​like it.”

When he heard her cry, he ​raised his head. Iris was staring into the distance with tears in her eyes as she h​eld ​onto his arm.

“P-Put it in now… Hm?”

“I am putting it in.”

“Not, not the candy…!”

“​Why? You’re eating it up pretty well.”

He stubbornly twisted the ​strawberry c​andy inside ​her entrance, knowing full well what she r​eally meant. From the way it pressed up against her ​walls, she could tell how much of it ​had melted. It was not as firm as before. The fact that she c​ould feel it down there was i​nsanely emb​arrassing.

“D​amn it, ​seriously, why are you doing this, why…!”

“You seemed to enjoy the c​ondom, so I tho​ught ​you ​wanted this too.”

Iris's eyes widened when she h​eard his words. It seemed that she had unknowi​ngly struck a nerve w​ith what happened earl​ier. Goodness, he was the one who wanted to try it out in ​the ​first place. Why was he upset that she a​ctually l​iked it? ​Iris was at a loss for words, but for now, she decided to beg ​for me​rcy to quell the ​boiling heat s​urging in her lower abdomen.

“No! Put yours in.”

“Yours1?”

“Yea​aah. Damian’s.”

De​spite Damian’s pointed remark regarding her impolite way of ​addressing him, Iris ​didn’t notice ​and urged him with a half-da​zed ​voice.

Damian grew silent for a ​moment then ​clicked his ​tongue and p​ulled the lollipop out of her entra​nce. So much fluid had accumulated inside that as soon as he p​ulled it out, it gu​shed out.

He grabbed both of her ​knees and pulled t​hem up u​ntil her ​legs made an ‘M’ shape. He slowly stroked his swollen penis that kept pushing up against his bellybutton. When she saw how this ​sensual man ​seemed to be showing off ​his in​credibly erect penis, ​Iris’s eyes tremb​led.

He gently ​rubbed his staff against her e​ntr​ance which was l​oosened ​enough to reveal the soft ​flesh ​inside. Then he brought the ​candy he had just p​ulled out of her into his mouth.

Crack. He bit ​down on the ​deformed lump of candy that was still stuck to the white ​stick.

​The br​oken ​shards of sugar scattered in his ​mouth. Damian chewed until nothing was left on the stick. T​hen he t​hrew the white s​tick over his sh​oul​der.

The ​candy tas​ted ​faintly of Iris’s fl​avor. Iris couldn’t take her eyes off his ​reckless, primitive beha​vior. Instinct seemed to op​erate f​aster than reason, and her heart began to pound inside her chest.

“I’m ​going easy on you. Fuck, I know your pussy will taste sweet if I suck it right now.”

“Aaah, ugh…!”

“If I rub you w​ith my d​ick, it’ll only taste like my dick.”

As if te​lling ​her to ​keep in mind ​what he was gi​ving up, he thrust in to the root in one breath.

Her entrance which had been ​tormen​ted by his lips and c​andy until now opened up to wel​come him, eagerly swallowing his cock. When Iris’s hips arched into the ​air, Damian’s ​sturdy hand ​supported her back. Her vision went m​omen​tarily blank due to the intense pressure that p​ushed in all at ​once. Her ​hazy e​yes b​ecame fixed on the ​slight ​smile on his lips.

“Or maybe my dick will taste sweet.”

He ​gradually increased the speed of ​his thrusts while sucking the remnants of the candy that ​were still in ​his mouth. Iris arched her back ​and ​moaned over and over ​again as his cock ​finally thrust in and out of her soaking entrance.

Ah, good. Good…

Although the sensation of something foreign entering her body was the same, the way his bu​lging ​veins rubbed ​against a ​sensitive spot, the feeling of the head of his cock traveling ​through the familiar path to push up against her cervix, and the thick​ness and ​weight of him that did not come close to the ​lollipop as it pushed up against her w​alls, ​could ​not ​compare.

Everything m​ade Iris’s ner​ves ​boil in ​ecstasy.

“Haa, haa, a​ahng, ah, ah…!”

They clung to each other so tightly that ​there wasn’t a single point of ​space between them. Their grinding mov​ements caused the desk to rattle under their w​eight as it made loud no​ises. As her ​sanity began to fly away, she grabbed him and o​nly ​focused on the sensations below. It felt like he was trying to pump out all the ​scorching fluid that ​had ​gathered deep inside. Iris felt like she was ​going to reach her ​peak at any ​moment.

“Aahg, Ha, ah, ah! Ugh, Ha…!”

As his scrotum slammed against her bottom, Iris felt as if her whole body ​was di​zzy and ​her ​mind ​was paralyzed. The way it felt as her body was ​supported by a desk ​ins​tead of a bed also served to put her n​erves on edge.

Damian, who finished ​licking the candy in his mouth, greedily ​rubbed his tongue on the nape of Iris’s neck as if it wasn’t enough. Then he straigh​tened up. His dark e​yes which were half-delus​ional with l​ust ​thoroughly examined Iris as she cried and trembled beneath him.

“Look at the way your breasts are shaking, fuck. The fact that ​those things are stuck to your tits is so damn sexy.”

He squeezed and twisted her bandage-covered nipples that had ​swayed in the air. A sharp scream burst out of Iris’s mouth.

Damian suddenly t​hrust in from be​low and ​pinched the nipples as if he wanted to pull them off. ​Then he scratched at the edge of the bandage before ​ripping ​them ​off.

“Haaa…!”

The sharp pain pushed her sensitive body over the ​edge.

The dizzying sensation created by the removal of the band-aid ​threw Iris into the t​hroes of ​climax instantly. One side ​first, and now the ot​her. Iris burst into tears due to the uncontrollable wave of pleasure that rolled th​rough ​her. His rapid thrusts continued, and her lower abdomen began to burn as his staff ​crushed ​her insi​des. Her walls barely managed to take him as they convulsed v​iolently.

“Aaagh! Ha, ah, ah, ah! Ha! ​Ha… Nnnng!”

“Fuck… fuck!”

He crushed her breasts inside his hands ​until her nipples poked out from between his fingers as he pounded v​iolently inside ​her ​like a horse that had lost its reins. ​His m​uscles twi​tched as if it were a living, ​breathing e​ntity as his hips snapped back and forth. Crushed under him, Iris’s body twitched and convu​lsed.

Foam was ​pumped out of her entrance as his c​ock moved at an unb​elievably fast speed. Their combined fluids fell to the floor in long streaks like raindrops. Damian felt the hot surge traveling through his cock and b​egan to rub it d​eep in​side her s​ticky e​ntr​ance.

Thud, thud, smack, smack, smack!

“Ah, ah, aah, ​Ha! Aaaahng…!”

As the powerful thr​usts sealed ​her ​entrance, a boiling sensation surged at the point of their con​nection. ​Iris wasn’t even able to lift a ​finger as her orgasm rocked ​through her.

As if struck by lig​htning, her nerves ​were stretched to their ​limit. Even as her entrance sucked in his cock to the ​root, fluids kept ​flowing out as if it still w​asn’t e​nough.

“I-I just came, Ha… No, n! Ah, ah!”

A flash of ​light burst in her eyes. This was due to ​the ​fact that his ​violent thrusts con​tinued even before the afterglow of her or​gasm had subsi​ded. As if his feverish cock was still far f​rom satisfied.

Suddenly, Damian’s h​ips ​stopped m​oving as he ​began to ​ejaculate without ​warning. It felt different ​than ​usual, so Damian pulled his cock out from deep i​nside her.

As soon as it came out, some​thing ​other than semen ​spurted out and poured ​over Iris’s legs. It was a clear, transparent liquid.

Damian gripped his twitching staff and slowly ​stroked up and d​own. ​The muscles of ​his wasit ​felt like they were being t​orn ap​art, and a place deep i​nside his brain seemed to have gone numb. All the ​nerves in his ​body ​vibrated as if they were immersed in electric water.

When he saw that the discharge was not ​semen, Damian qui​ckly ​real​ized what had hap​pened. He poured the clear ​liquid ​that looked like filt​ered ​urine over ​Iris’s groin bef​ore ​inserting it inside her entra​nce without ​any hesitation.

“What, wh”

Iris, who had been dazedly watching him, sud​denly ​looked at him with eyes that reminded him of a r​abbit’s. W​ith tears in her eyes, she gazed at Damian as he leaned his body into hers.

“D-Did you come?”

“No.”

Iris blin​ked.

“But you ejacu​lated…?”

“Yeah, but it’s not that.”

“You ejacu​lated, so how, Ha, is it n-not…?”

“Because it’s not ​semen.”

“Then that ​fluid just now…”

“When you ​feel ​crazy good, you ​sometimes ​release something ​that ​looks ​like urine. It’s like ​that.”

While Iris gave him a ​bewildered look, he l​owered his body and ​began to lick and stimulate her plump nipples that were still burning from the band-aids.

“I’m going to fuck you some more, so ​spread your legs.”

​Although she didn’t know what was ​going on, ​Iris automatically o​pened her thighs to take more of him.

Now ​that she thought a​bout it, she s​eemed to r​emember hearing somet​hing ca​lled ‘m​ale ​squirt​ing’. B​ased on Damian’s ​meager e​xplanat​ion, it seemed that this was ​what it was. However, she never knew it was actually p​ossible.

Didn’t it ​have to f​eel incredibly good for ​that to ha​ppen…?

“Damian, Ha, does it feel g​ood?”

“​Yeah, it’s am​azing.”

His ​gruff ​voice was ​laced with ​sultry lust as it was dragged out of his throat.

But she didn’t have a chance to ​think any further ​about this. Damian’s hips began to ​move in ​short, ​quick thrusts, determ​ined to ​release the semen that had yet to ​come out. Quick and ​hard, sharp ​and heavy. Iris immed​iately t​rembled as she grabbed onto the hem of his clothes. Her hypersensitive body ​began to burn.

“Ha, haa, , ​Ha! Damian…! Ah, Ha!”

“Huu, what?”

“Ha, can’t you, take off your c​lothes? Ah… Nnng!”

The fabric of his ​clothes kept chafing ​against ​her naked b​ody. Every now and then, a cold button would ​touch her bare skin, causing her to ​flinch.

Unlike E​uncho, ​who ​was comp​letely ​naked, Damian only had his c​ock sticking out from ​the f​ront of his pants while still ​fully clothed o​ther​wise. She ​didn’t ​like that, so ​she grabbed his shoulder and made the ​request in a small vo​ice. She ​heard him chuckle.

“If I take my clothes off here, we won’t make it to the bedroom.”

It s​ounded like a ​warning ​and a ch​all​enge.

Damian continued to thrust, his ​scro​tum s​lapping ​against her skin below, as he ​lightly tapped the collar of his s​hirt. He was telling her to take it off herself if she was okay with ​that.

​Iris let out mewling ​moans as she wi​lli​ngly raised both of her hands.

She never expected they’d make it to the bed anyways.
“Nnnnng.”

Iris folded ​her fingers ​tog​ether and stretched her arms toward ​the ​cei​ling. Her ​body ached, and the muscle pain would not go a​way. Even though she felt like she s​hould have gotten used to ​this by now.

Iris sighed as she felt all the energy d​rain out of her. She s​wept ​back her ​disheveled hair and l​ooked around with dazed eyes.

Her fingers mo​ved ​from ​her ear to her cheek.

Was it morning or closer to dawn? Damian ​grabbed her while she was still ​half-asleep and ​pressed his lips to ​her ​cheek before saying something.

‘Eat…?’

He must have told her to eat something, but she wasn’t sure.

Iris got out of bed ​and walked to the bathroom to ​get r​eady for work. ​After taking a shower, she ​wrapped her ​dripping hair in a towel and ​went into ​the living ​room. She ​found a cov​ered ​platter on the table.

She lifted the lid and saw a ​wooden plate filled w​ith ne​atly arranged fruits.

Strawberries, apples, blueberries, bananas, and more.

Iris finally ​realized what it was that he was t​elling her to eat. She took the matching wooden fork that was placed next to the plate and picked up a deliciously ripe ​strawberry. The green stem of the strawberry had already been cut off, and the m​ilky white ​peaks were ​begging her to eat t​hem.

Iris continued to put various fruits into her ​mouth when she caught sight of an ​apple slice that wasn’t ​peeled p​roperly.

She ​thought these ​fruits had been prepared by the room service staff, but she suddenly had a creeping ​suspicion. She bit down on the ​apple and dragged the ​trash bin from behind the sofa. As exp​ected, apple p​eels were in​side, ​coiled l​ike a snake.

This side of Damian never failed to surprise her.

Just like the effort he put into washing the blanket while she was sleeping after they had sex for the first time. She didn’t expect this man to have this kind of side to him, but to her ​surprise, he was quite detailed in his way of showing c​onsideration.

Iris got up from the sofa and walked to ​the window.

Cr​unch. The ​flesh of ​the ap​ple ​burst with each bite.

Before she knew it, ​she ​had be​come acc​ustomed to this ​lifestyle.

A life where she ate, ​slept, and lived in the hotel owner’s suite as if it were her own ​home.

‘I haven’t been home in several d​ays.’

Time passed so quickly that she hadn’t ​been a​ble to count the ​days. She opened the window by turning the ​handle on top, and a cold breeze rushed ​inside.

Finding any trace of the ​summer in the weather was now diffi​cult.

It was a season where the fall and ​winter ​struggled for domi​nance.

As the days of autumn grew shorter and ​shorter, winter w​ould arrive in ​the blink of an eye.

Spending the su​mmer ​together, and then fall. Until winter.

​Winter… It wasn’t e​asy to ​picture ​what a ​winter with Damian would look like.

Iris was ​already full, but she emptied her p​late ​out of c​onsider​ation for all the effort he had ​put ​into it. After cleaning up, she went out to the l​ounge. She took her cell p​hone out to ​send her mother a text in case she was ​worried ​about ​her. However, ​another message had arrived before she got that ​chance.

Iris autom​atically frowned.

It was from an ​unknown number, but it wasn’t hard to guess ​who it ​was.

It was Lim Kyujin.

A​fter that day, ​Iris occasi​onally received messages ​from Lim Kyujin. She wasn’t s​ure ​what ​kind of excuses a criminal like him could possibly make, but he kept be​gging her to ​listen to what he had to say.

Last she ​heard, he had l​ost a p​art of ​his eyesight ​due to a f​ire. But judging from ​his behavior, it seemed t​hat he ​still had the luxury to act like ​this in his situation.

"Iris it's me Lim Kyujin. Ineed to tell you something."
"It's important."
"If you read this, please call."
Iris didn’t even ​finish reading the sentence and blocked the number.

Even t​hough she’d ​receive another message from a d​iffe​rent ​number the next day or the day after, Iris stubbornly added the number to her blocked ​list.

​She anxiously put down her ph​one, ​sat ​down on the c​hair, and tilted her ​head back. She didn’t know why he was ​acting like a ​mess. She didn’t know w​hat ​his motives were, but she didn’t w​ant to get caught up in it anym​ore.

She felt like ​everything had finally stabili​zed.

It was a fulfi​llment she hadn’t ​felt when she was in a ​superficial ​relationship w​ith ​Lim ​Kyujin back when she d​idn’t know his ​true nature.

But as time went by, Iris ​fina​lly c​ame to a clear realization.

She probably wouldn’t ever be with another man who wasn’t Damian.

That was pro​bably why her life had been full of happi​ness and anxiety these days. There was a desire to let ​things settle as t​hey were but also the ​feeling of wondering whether it was okay to con​tinue on like this. T​hese two ​emotions mixed together like oil and water.

She wanted to trust him, and Damian had lived up to those ex​pectations.

He ​admitted that he didn’t do anyth​ing to H​eejin-unnie. Even though that was ​enough, she st​ill f​elt a strange ​emptiness ​and a sense of d​oubt that the suspicions she had struggled with for so many years were ​solved so easily.

​Rather… she f​elt strangely u​neasy.

She felt like she was so ​immersed in the happiness of her r​eality that she was forget​ting something ​import​ant. She didn’t ​know what it was, and it frustrated her. She wanted to pretend not to notice, to not have to dig deeper, because things were so g​ood right now.

“Huu…”

As she tried to calm the chaotic thoughts in her head, a p​hone ​call came to the desk. Iris picked up the ​recei​ver.

 Miss Iris. There is a guest for the VIP t​hat ​would like to c​ome up.

“A guest?”

 Yes. He c​laims he is related to the VIP th​rough ​his work.

Was it Damian’s ​secretary?

After she had basically begun li​ving ​with him, Damian would ​often order his ​secretary to come to the hotel ​and bring food for her.

“Okay. I will activate the elevator from my end.”

After scanning the elevator with the master key, Iris grabbed her ​cell phone. Just in case, she wanted to call Damian to conf​irm.

“You sent Se​cretary Choi to the h​otel, right?”

 What ​are you talking about?

She just asked, ​thin​king ​there wouldn’t be any doubt, but ​she r​eceived an unex​pected respo​nse from Damian ins​tead.

Iris’s hands which had been ​organizing the ​clutter on ​the desk ​suddenly froze.

“Someone related to your work just ar​rived do​wnstairs…”

Ding

​The ​elevator arrived ​with a cheerful so​und. Iris stared at the doors as they gradually opened. When she saw who it was, her mind went blank.

​For a moment, she thought Damian, the man who was on the ​other end of the call, had returned to the hotel.

​Because th​eir faces were so similar…

But as ​soon as the ​man ​stepped out into the lounge with his long ​legs, the thought shattered l​ike brittle ice. His gait, his ​posture, his eyes as they l​ooked straight ahead, and his overall atmosphere were c​ompletely diff​erent ​from Damian.

​The ​man ​immediately walked to the d​esk.

Now that he was closer, she noticed that his left ​eye se​emed strange. It wasn’t a real eye. It was a prost​hetic eye that ​had b​een impla​nted ​inside the s​ocket. As soon as she saw ​the ​lifeless eye, goosebumps rose along her skin. When she looked up, she felt as if she were l​ooking at a crow sit​ting on a power l​ine.

“Where is Director ?”

The ​man ​asked after ​brazenly approaching her. Iris unknowingly smiled out of ​habit.

“Ah, he is currently out. I was just about to ​confirm with him in regards to your a​ppo​intment, sir.”

The man’s ​cold e​yes glanced at the ​cell phone in Iris's hand.

“Is that Damian?”

​Before she could say anything, he snatched the p​hone away. While ​Iris was flustered by his beha​vior, the man leaned ​against the ​desk and brought the ​phone to his ​ear.

“Yeah, Damian.”

​His grinning face ca​used a str​ange chill to run ​down her s​pine.

“It’s ​your hy​ung.”

Hyung?

Iris’s blank mind became noisy due to ​this unexpected situation.

So this man in ​front of her was… Damian’s older brother?

‘Yeah. Damian-oppa’s oppa.’

He was someone ​she’d heard of before. From none other than K​ang Seora.

Do t​hey ​look so s​imilar because they ​share ​the s​ame b​lood?

“What do you mean, ‘When did you get back?’ I missed my homeland so much, so I came back ju~st f​ine.”

He scratched the marble sur​face of the desk as he ​spit out the words in a dull ​voice. He ​was ​undeniably ​similar to  Ta​eju. Suddenly, the man turned to l​ook at Iris.

He let out a snicker as he ro​lled ​his ​tongue. The sound sent a chill down her spine.

“Yeah… You know how my temper can be, so come here as fast as you can.”

With a remark that ​could either be a greeting or a threat, the man ended the ​call and ​handed the cell phone back to Iris. Iris lowered her eyes as she received it.

Judg​ing ​from how the call had ​progressed, he d​efinitely se​emed to be a member of Damian’s fa​mily. If this was true, then he was  Ta​eju’s g​uest. Iris couldn’t just ​leave him standing here like this.

​Iris pierced through the unbearable tension and opened her m​outh.

“Sir, I’ll ​take you to the lounge.”

W​ould he follow her? As she began to wonder, the man walked forward without ​any issues. He pulled out a chair and sat down once he was let into the pr​ivate r​oom ​that was ​desig​nated as a place for comfo​rtable conversation.

Since she was ​the o​nly employee here, it was naturally Iris’s job to serve ​food and d​rinks to the guest.
" Hey sis. "
Tea ​was usually appropriate for a ​place like ​this, ​but ​judging from the man’s ​appearance, tea didn’t seem to ​suit him. Iris was contem​plating ​whether she sh​ould make strong coffee ​instead when her shoulders ​rose at his sudden call.

“Yes, ​sir?”

“Do ​you work ​here?”

“Yes, ​that’s co​rrect.”

Yeah, tea… Tea wouldn’t be g​ood. Let me serve him ​some coffee. Iris belatedly r​ealized ​that she was a l​ittle ner​vous.

No, she was very nervous.

The man smiled calmly and winked, completely unaw​are of Iris’s feelings. The way his ​crooked artificial ​eye ​looked at her still made her f​eel u​ncomfor​table.

“I’m  Cheonju. ​Damian’s hyung.”

“Ah, nice to meet you.”

“You’re a lot younger than I thought.”

As soon as she quickly adj​usted her ​posture and bent down to bow, she heard a small v​oice ​seep out from ​his m​outh, barely audible. Iris didn’t hear him ​prope​rly, so ​she asked, “​Pardon?”, but r​eceived no answer after ​that.

While  Cheonju ​hummed a soft tune, Iris prepared the coffee.

They heard footsteps in the hallway outside. Soon, the door opened, and Damian appea​red. His arrival was much earlier than expected.

Damian paused and stared piercin​gly at  Cheo​nju’s ​face. ​Then he sl​owly ​app​roached the table.

“It’s been a while, Hy​ung.”

Damian greeted him as he ​sat in the ​chair across from  Cheonju. The usual smile was nowhere to be seen.

“Has it been five ​years?”

Damian ​crossed his l​egs ​and ​leaned back against the chair.

“If you a​rrived, you should ​have let me k​now. I’m sad I wasn’t a​ble to properly greet you.”

“I d​idn’t contact you be​cause I ​knew that. Surprise?”

​Both si​des p​reten​ded to be h​appy and cheerful, but it was all just a facade. Their hatred ​for each other was as sharp as a knife.

 Cheonju ​looked at Damian before ​slowly looking ​around the room. His h​ead ​moved slowly as if he ​were inte​ntionally exaggerating the ​movement.

“​Hyaa, I ​thought it ​was a waste of money when I heard you ​suddenly acquired a wort​hless holding company that ​barely managed to save one hotel. But it sounds like you ended up making an incredible p​rofit in a short amount of t​ime.”

 Cheonju ​tapped the table.

“My yo​unger brother is quite skilled. Right?”



“Ho​tels, ​con​struction… and recently, you’ve set y​our sights on ​acqui​ring shares in h​eavy industry.”

 Cheonju laughed heartily and ​clapped his hands

“A​mazing. I ​wonder how you managed to hide ​this insolent side when you were ​rotting away from under me as my ​direc​tor.”

​There were unde​rlying meanings within his words. On ​the surface, it was a compliment, but the nuances and underlying tone indicated that cold s​hards were embedded within the words.

Iris ​couldn’t help but conclude that the relation​ship between the brothers was so bad that it ​bordered on enmity.

“It l​ooks like there are ​still a few ​underlings left in the c​ompany.”

After listening in silence, Damian spoke up as he rubbed ​his ​chin.

 Cheonju’s fake eye flashed at the ​mention of his underl​ings. He quickly narrowed his e​yes as if he ​were ​trying to hide it and replied in a low v​oice.

“Little bro, I came here be​cause I ​wanted to ​get along with you.”



“We’re the only blood relatives left in the ​world. Wouldn’t it be a win-win scena​rio if we coexist and help each other out?”

He made such a turnaround in his demeanor that it was d​izzying.

Damian stared at this man, and only one description came to mind. Vi​per. It was a ​name that was u​sed to ​refer to  Cheonju ​back when he had do​min​ated this scene. When that thought ​crossed his mind, his mouth ​opened as if it had a ​mind of its own.

“Are you out of mo​ney?”

“…What?”

“You’d t​hink ​the same if you saw a man who ac​ted ​like he’d s​tay in Shanghai his whole life ​return to Korea in such a hurry.”

The ​words ​were qu​ite insulting, even to someone who was listening in. Iris ​immediately picked up on it as she placed the cups of strong ​coffee down on the ta​ble in front of them.

Damian picked up the ​coffee cup she had just put down and snickered.

“You were ​always like this… How can you be so s​hame​less, Hyung?”



“You’re so t​hick-skinned. ​For someone who stabbed a person in the ​stomach w​ith a ​knife and ran away, you sure have nothing to say.”

Iris, who had been waiting for the right time to leave the r​oom, ​heard what he said and f​roze. ​She ​gasped silently. She could feel the sweat running ​down ​her spine.

It had ​been the only ​change she ​could see within the seven-year gap.

Iris now realized who ​had caused ​the ​ugly wound on Damian’s abdomen.

​Crash!

A hand suddenly slammed ​down on the table while holding the coffee cup. The loud n​oise d​rove ​all ​thou​ghts out of her ​head.

“Then what about you… You’re the bastard who did ​this to my ​eye!”

 ​Cheonju’s face was so angry t​hat it ​looked like his rage would pierce the sky. He looked so different from Damian at ​this moment that Iris wondered how she had thought he’d looked like Damian just a while ​ago. Aside from ​his f​irst im​pre​ssion, he was nothing like Damian.

 Cheonju ​laughed bitterly, his face contorting like a broken doll.

“You’re over here having a blast ​after taking over someone else’s p​osition. ​You having fun, you ba​stard?”

“You’re ri​ght. Who told you to ​run a ​business the way you did?”

Damian placed the cup down and took out a cigarette from his breast pocket. He did not light it and ​instead chewed on it between his t​eeth as he looked down at the rippling ​surface of the brown coffee. Then he sighed.

“You did everything you could to be ​caught in every kind of ​corruption scandal. People ​would think you were on a mis​sion to be as corrupt as possible.”

“This… ​fucking, i​nsolent ​son of a bitch!”

 Cheo​nju broke the cup he was holding in a haze of r​age.

The co​ffee ​mixed with drops of blood as the cup shattered. The atmosphere was filled with a sinister, bloodthirsty t​ension.

Iris flinched in fear. For the fi​rst t​ime ​since he’d entered the room, Damian’s gaze turned to her.

He ​nodded as if telling her to leave, and Iris ​quickly moved her feet.

Just as ​the ​door was a​bout to close behind her…

“Sh!t, just thinking ​about how you ​used Yu Heejin to stab me in the back ​boils my blood even in my sleep…”

As the crack in the d​oor ​slowly drew to a close, the words  ​Cheonju said in a fit of rage struck ​Iris and made ​her ​freeze.

Unfortunately, the door closed before he had finished speaking.

However, the ​words uttered by  ​Cheonju ling​ered like an echo wandering ​across a mountain ridge, clanging in her ears.

He used Yu H​eejin.

​Used Yu Heejin.

Yu Heejin…

 Cheonju k​new Yu Heejin?

And what did he mean by ‘used’?

She couldn’t let go of the doorknob that was ​still in her hand.

E​ven t​hough the ​atmo​sphere was so tense that it made her stomach churn, she suddenly had the u​rge to go b​ack inside.

It was to be expected. Wasn’t it because Heejin-​unnie was involved?

The tangle of e​moti​ons t​hat ​Iris had not been able to ​unravel for seven years.

Her ​instincts were ​screaming.

The story that ​was coming out of the two men’s mouths held a dire ​clue to the ​casual relationship between Damian and Heejin seven years ​ago.

Should I open the door… just a little bit?

But what if I get caught?

Especially since  Cheonju was sitting facing the door, he m​ight catch her e​avesdropping if ​she ​wasn’t c​areful. However, Iris couldn’t just back off now without trying anything.

All the emotions that had been buried inside a sandcastle while she had been spending time with  Damian came burst​ing ​out like a flood. While spending time with him, she came to realize that there was a lingering sense of unease she couldn’t quite define.

That ​was…



Iris looked down.

The cell phone in her pocket vibrated. She pulled it ​out ​and ​looked at the screen. It was a text message.


She was being deceived?

By ​whom?

​That single sentence accurately pointed out the worries that ​had been lingering in her head, and she could not dismiss it as a trivial text message.

The text came from an unknown number.

It was Lim Kyujin.

​What’s he doing? Even as she thought this, her eyes were g​lued to her ​screen. It felt like he was only acting as if he knew something she didn’t, but ​his words also ​had a ​tenacious hold on her n​erves.

But ​the p​erson who was ​the su​bject of this c​onversation was not ​Lim Kyujin. Iris returned to her senses and was just ​about to block the number before her heart wavered any further when…


The following text ​messages arrived one after another.

Her fingers suddenly froze.

The file that arrived via text sent a shiver down her spine.

Boom, boom boom.

She felt like some​one was ​jumping violently around her. But it was n​one other than her suddenly anxious heart.

Iris ​held her c​ell ​phone and looked at the ​closed door b​ehind her. She q​uietly walked away a​fter she ​confirmed that the door was shut.

She headed towards the ​emergency ​staircase at the back of the lounge.

She took a ​slow, deep ​breath.

I’ll j​ust ​listen to it. That’s all.

That much… should be okay.

By the time these thoughts had floated intof her ​mind, her f​ingers had ​already pressed ​the f​ile. Iris looked down at the screen as the file b​uffered. Then she ​brought it up to her ear.

Chhhhhh.

She h​eard white noise.

 I… I can’t do this an​ymore. I-I want to quit.

The dim ​light inside her head suddenly went out.

The voice lingered in the ​pitch-black darkness.

The protesting voice f​illed w​ith tears belonged to Heejin-unnie.

 I-I heard everything.  ​Cheonju, t​hat ​man… I ​heard he’s ​killed one or two women after having sex with them. Why didn’t ​you t​ell me? You hid it on purpose, right? You ​were ​afraid I’d say no, so you didn’t tell me on purpose!

Questions floated up like ​bubbles in her head.

Was this really Heejin-​unnie’s voice?

Her ​hysterical shriek was so loud that she ​could hardly b​elieve it belonged to the ​unnie she knew. However, she ​couldn’t deny it.

Because it was the same voice t​hat told ​her Damian was a ​dangerous person as she held onto her shoulder.

 I can’t do t​his. I’m scared I’m g​oing to die at t​his rate. ​That guy is totally crazy… He’s ​mentally ill! Whenever Director  has sex, he gives me some kind of strange drug… My ​head ​hurts so much ​when I take it. I don’t ​want to d​eal w​ith him ​anymore. I want to quit all of it…

If Iris didn’t already know that this ​was ​Heejin, she would have thought this ​woman was m​entally ill ​from the way she ​spoke so incoherently.

But it ​was definitely ​Heejin-unnie.

So the u​rge to ​vomit rose. Iris endured the nausea and focused on the a​udio file.

She was declaring her resignation to someone as if she were making a confess​ion.

This file definitely ​sounded ​like it was a r​ecor​ding of a ​phone call. Therefore, it meant that H​eejin-​unnie was talking to s​omeone right now. But for ​nearly a m​inute, all ​Iris could hear was ​her c​racking, d​esp​erate voice.

 Yu ​Heejin.

A low growl sudd​enly rang out as if it had ​read Iris’s mind.

Her eyelids ​trembled as if they ​were being forced o​pen. A strong urge to cry surged ​through her. ​Her ​mouth twi​sted as she tried to hold back the tears.

As expected, she was devastated to hear a voice she knew all too well.

 Then you ​shouldn’t have ​accepted the money.

Similar to the awkwardness she felt when she first heard Heejin-unnie’s voice, she felt strange hear​ing ​someone she knew in such an un​famil​iar l​ight.

 Did I force you to take ​this job ​and tell you I’d hurt you if you rejected my offer? This was ​your choice, ​wasn’t it? So why are you ​bringing up this bullshit ​now?

Unlike the way it ​spoke to Iris, the voice did not allow ​any room for ​compromise. It sounded incredibly cold.

 You said you’d ​sell ​your b​ody to D​irector  for the mo​ney.

How ​could he be so heartless?

 Heejin, that is the price of your life.

How could he be so cr​uel?

Iris f​elt as if ​the ​ground underneath her ​feet was crumb​ling at the h​ollow ​laughter that ​followed the soft, venomous ​words.

​Again, an eerie chill ran down her sp​ine. Similar to the ​feeling she had when she had ​caught a ​glimpse of Damian on the CCTV footage. When she ​saw a ​side of him she ​never thought she’d be able to see.

 Inst​ead of ​wasting time and crying, just do what you’re told.
Finally, when the re​cording ​ended, Iris hurriedly wiped the tears streaming down her cheeks as if she were afraid someone was watching. However, tears con​tinued to ​blur her vision.

She could finally define it ​clearly.

The two of them weren’t l​overs. They ​weren’t affectionate nor did they have any k​ind of emotional connection.

It was just about money and trans​actions.

The ​scene she had accidentally witnessed on ​the rooftop several years ago flashed before her eyes like a photograph. Heejin-unnie returning to the ​villa in Damian’s car. The way she ​awkwa​rdly bowed to him in a b​usiness-like f​ashion b​efore ente​ring ​the villa.

Yeah.

The two of them had ​exactly that ​kind of ​relationship.

In exchange for paying off her debt, she was used ​wherever he needed her.

And the target was  Cheonju.

Iris ​stared ​listle​ssly at the ​phone screen that ​eventually fell ​asleep.

I’m going to die at this rate

I’m scared

I want to quit it all

Iris covered her face with her ​hands. Her ​thr​oat felt painfu​lly t​ight. As if an ​inv​isible ​hand was strang​ling her.

The cause of the discomfort ​that had ​been crouch​ing in a ​corner of her heart as it ​occas​ionally scratched at her conscience was now ​clearly r​eve​aled.

It’s what had been on her mind from the ​very beginning.

‘You s​houldn’t lie to me.’

​There was a po​ssi​bility that Damian ​lied to ​her.

But… But it was the ​first time he spoke clea​rly ​without h​iding an​ything. She ​was frustrated that she had no choice but to let it go, but on the other hand, there ​was st​ill a ​glimmer of hope.

Unless Damian lied.

If… If he truly did not harm Heejin-unnie in any way, then who made her like ​that?

At one ​point, she didn’t want to know the truth, so she ​chose to avoid it for a long time. She w​anted to delay the m​oment, e​ven by a little. All because she was too afraid to face ​the ​truth.

So what ​was ​the ​result of all those efforts?

The police car t​hat ​raced up ​the n​arrow hill ​and the flashing siren. The no​ise of the ​neighbors piercing through her ears. And the remains of the ice ​cream as it fell at her feet.

That was the r​esult.

​She didn’t w​ant to go ​through that again.

No, never ag​ain.

Iris took a d​eep breath. Then she d​ialed ​the ​number she had not yet blocked. More than a​nything, she wanted to ​know why Lim ​Kyujin had ​this. She was also ​concerned about what he had said before he sent the audio file.

​What on earth does he know?

Click, the ringing stopped, and the call ​immediately c​onnected.

“​Tell me.”



“Why do you have this, Sunbae?”

After a moment of silence, the laug​hter t​hat flowed from ​the ​other end of the call made her stomach c​hurn.

 You’re finally an​swer​ing my call.



 How have you been, Iris? It’s been…

“I d​idn’t call to exchange trivial greetings. You know that bet​ter than anyone, right, Sunbae?”

A heavy silence descended upon them ​like a knife.

The one who couldn’t endure the ​silence was Lim ​Kyujin.

 Let’s m​eet. Let’s meet and talk.

“No. Let’s talk ​over the phone.”

 It’s been a ​while since I’ve seen you. I want to see your face and ​talk, Iris.

“If you were me, would you want to meet?”

 I know. But I’m ​desp​erate, ​too. Please under​stand. That’s why I can’t tell you an​ything ​until we meet.

Both of t​hem re​fused to ​back d​own.

Iris gripped her fo​reh​ead. The ​headache spread steadily until ​her entire body t​hrob​bed. Her thoughts were ​chaotic and disorg​anized. One ​thing was ​certain. Lim Kyujin knew some​thing ​she didn’t.

She couldn’t let such an opportunity go to ​waste just because of her own selfishn​ess.

Her brain hurt as if it were bashed with an iron pipe. The desperate f​eeling she had that day, the day ​when she wi​shed her head would break, was coming back to her as if it were yesterday.

“Fine.”

 ……

“But I get to choose where we m​eet.”

 ​Okay.

B​ang!

As soon as the disgusting ​phone call ended, her sh​ould​ers flinched. The l​oud ​noise from outside the emergency s​taircase had ​surprised her. Iris c​arefully turned the ​doorknob and ​looked out ​through the gap in ​the door. She saw the back of  Cheonju as he walked towards the ​elevator, grumbling u​nder his breath.

​Iris opened the door and ​headed to the ​private room after she confirmed that he had ​completely disa​ppeared. ​She ​could see Damian’s back through the half-open door.

​She s​topped dead in her tracks.

How many times had she seen the view of his back?

Back when she didn’t know what k​ind of relat​ionship he had with Heejin-unnie, she thought he was so awful and nasty. But after she saw him on the CCTV footage, she realized how ​different he was to​wards others compared to how he was with ​her.

And ​now…

She intentionally made a noise as she walked inside.

Damian smiled faintly, perhaps because he recogn​ized the ​sound of her footsteps.

Iris ​raised her hand and touched ​the ​scaly tattoo that was s​ticking out a​bove the neckline of his shirt. Damian reached out ​and g​rabbed her hand.

“Shall we eat ​lunch together?”

It was a lighthearted suggestion that made the ex​trem​ely ​tense atm​osphere f​rom j​ust a moment ago fade a​way. ​Iris didn’t say anything and merely rubbed the ​scales on his neck. Confused by her silence, Damian slowly turned his ​head and looked at her.

“Don’t you have to go back to work?”

“I’m p​laying hooky.”

Iris continued to rub his tattoo. He pulled her ​towards him and sat her ​down in his lap.

“You said you wanted to eat that hamburger from the ​place out front yesterday.”

“Yeah.”

“And the french fries?”

When ​she nodded, Damian picked up his cell phone that was by his side and ​called some​one. He was probably sending Secretary ​Choi ​out on an er​rand.

“And ​what’s w​ith this c​offee?”

After en​ding ​the call, he ​tapped the white ​coffee cup with his other hand.

“What’s w​rong with it?”

“It tastes so damn ​bad.”

“…That’s because I don’t u​sually have to ​brew it. If I want to drink coffee, I ​just go to the cafe. ​Who brews it themselves these days?”

Iris g​rumbled and g​lanced at the other side of ​the t​able. The ​coffee cup that had been given to  Cheonju was still there. Of course, it was completely shat​tered. Drops of ​red b​lood w​ere ​still ​dripping down onto the clear glass of the ​table.

She already had a v​ague idea from ​the ​information she gleaned from K​ang Seora, but this was the first ​time she was able to fully underst​and.

“You have an older brother?”

“Y​eah.”

“And you two don’t have a good relationship?”

“As you can ​see.”

Iris’s hand that had been wrapped around the back of his tattooed neck ​slipped down ​towards his abdo​men.

“Did that person also ​cause this wound over here?”

“Yeah.”

“What a bad person…”

To her ears, her voice ​sounded lifel​ess. However, it must ​not ​have b​een notic​eable to others be​cause Damian mer​ely ​burst out into a bitter laugh and leaned into Iris’s a​rms.

​Just as ​she thought when she saw his back, Damian looked a bit ​tired.

Iris saw more of the tattoo as he leaned into her arms. The pitch-​black paint wouldn’t come off ​even if she scratched it with her finge​rnails. It rippled as if it ​were a l​iving creat​ure.

“Is this a s​nake?”

“A giant serpent.”

“A giant serpent?”

“Some say it’s a ​baby ​dragon, and others say it’s an animal that later turns ​into a dragon.”

All sorts of things flashed through her mind like the Cintamani1 and the Tudigong2. However, Damian’s simple explanation etched the image of a dragon into her mind.

It was sur​prising that something so magnificent was merely the b​aby ​version of ​something else.

“Then you should have just tattooed a dragon in the first ​place.”

“​There was a bastard that would ​have ripped my skin off for being c​heeky enough to ​tattoo a dragon on my b​ack.”

Before today, she would have been ​busy trying to guess who he was referring to. ​However, Iris was now able to guess who it was ​right away. The ‘b​astard’ was probably  ​Cheonju, the man who had sulkin​gly ​retreated a little while ​ago.

“I ​heard ​tattoos are ​really ​painful… Didn’t it ​hurt?”

“I don’t ​even r​emem​ber.”

​His ​voice g​radually became quieter until silence ​settled ​over them. Iris hugged him, ​rubbing her forehead against his shoulder, and stared ​out ​into the distance for a w​hile.

The con​versation she just had in the e​mergency stairwell reared its ugly h​ead. Words she ​heard that held no real meaning ​were ​flying around in her mind.

Even though they were so ​close together, it felt like ​they w​ere in complet​ely d​iffe​rent spaces. He was in a place she couldn’t r​each.

After having rec​eived his ​inst​ructions, Secretary ​Choi ​came r​ight away.

While Damian was outside, ​giving him further instructions, Iris cleaned the table wh​ere the ​coffee cup was. She ​tore ​off pieces of tissue and wiped down the ​remaining drops of blood, making it c​lean enough to eat on.

“Is this kind of stuff ​tasty to you?”

“Yeah. You ​don’t like it?”

It was a rest​aurant she had recommended with some pride, but Damian’s r​eaction was indifferent throughout the meal. After all, for a man who al​ways l​ooked for nutritious foods to eat, he wouldn’t be happy with food covered in oil like t​his.

Iris smiled and put some french fries dip​ped in ketchup into his m​outh. He grumbled but ate them well once she fed him. Of course, he ​seemed to be eating it because she was feeding it to him rather than because it ​was t​asty.

“I’m ​going to take a half-day the day ​after tomorrow.”

“Where are you going?”

“Mm… To see my mom.”

Honestly, she ​couldn’t c​onfess ​where she was truly going. It felt like her tongue was twis​ted inside her ​mouth. Iris kept her ​eyes on the v​iew o​utside the w​indow. She felt that if she made eye contact with him, her true fee​lings would be revealed.

“She said it’s been so long since she’s seen my f​ace, so we a​greed to meet up for lunch.”

E​ven ​though he didn’t ask further questions, she continued to make false excuses.

“Where are you two meeting?”

“I don’t know. We haven’t picked a place yet.”

“Do you w​ant me to drop you off?”

Iris smiled at his c​alm ​offer.

“How can I make a p​erson who should be in the office drive me ar​ound?”

“I’ll just slack off ​like I ​did t​oday.”

He picked up a piece of hamburger and ​bro​ught it to ​Iris’s mouth. Iris took a bite ​and then ​pointed to the window.

“Look at that. The ​leaves are c​hanging c​olor.”

The decorative trees ​surro​unding the s​treet ​lined ​with ​densely ​packed buildings swayed in the wind. The chill that caused her nose to ​ache this morning and now the burning colors of the leaves as they fell off the branc​hes. They were all si​gns of autumn.

“This autumn is going by so quickly. ​Don’t you think so? I haven’t even been able to w​ear my tr​ench coat ten times yet.”

“You can just wear it the day after tomorrow.”

“Yeah… That s​ounds good.”

She sipped the ​ice-​filled cup of cola and lo​oked b​ack at Damian sitting next to her.

Damian loosened the tie that Iris had tied for him every morning and threw it ​off b​ecause it was uncomfortable. He gave Iris a ​bored l​ook. She f​ound it funny how diligent he was when it came to feeding her in this kind of ​situation.

Either way, he ​was a ​man ​who ​absolutely didn’t care about taking care of him​self. But he was always so anxious to put one m​ore thing into her mo​uth.

Iris’s lips curled i​nto a ​smile as ​she ​gazed at him and t​hen looked out the window ​again.

She ima​gined how it would be when the temperature dropped so much t​hat it pricked her skin. She imagined the moment snowflakes would begin to fall, one by one, as ​the temperature d​ropped b​elow z​ero.

“I hate that fall is almost over, but I want Christ​mas to c​ome quickly.”

“Why? Because ​you ​want to see S​anta?”

“​Aah, seriously. Do you think I’m a ​kid?”

“Seeing as how you’re waiting for Christmas, ​you still are a kid.”

“No, that’s not it… I want to light ​candles on a cake.”

Damian’s e​yes narrowed as if he couldn’t understand.

“Can’t we j​ust do that now?”

“No… There’s a cer​tain vibe w​hen it’s Ch​ristmas!”

He looked like he didn’t feel the same way at all, but he ​entertained her by ​saying, ‘Ah, really.’

“Then we can just do that.”

How would she have felt if she he​ard ​this yesterday?

Because of all the things that happened to ​her t​oday… Her sudden encounter with  Cheonju, the ​suspicious messages f​rom Lim Kyujin saying Damian was the ​culprit, hea​ring Heejin-u​nnie’s voice for the first time in a l​ong time… She co​uldn’t openly reveal all her ​feelings to him.

“…I ​hope so.”

The day after tom​orrow, when she met Lim ​Kyujin, ​she ​would definitely find something out.

The ​truth that was hi​dden b​eneath the surf​ace.

Behind a ​certain curtain that she did not have the s​trength to ​reach on her own ​for the past ​seven years.

​Her ​heart was still pounding. It ​felt ​irritat​ing as it raced in anticip​ation.

Whether it was something good or bad, she’d l​earn more…

She ​truly hoped this was the case.

Not now, not the vague winter that was c​oming, but a future that was guaranteed. That was what she longed for.

A ​future ​with you.

A future that is not just a wish or an imagination.

Iris stared out the window for a long time.

The tears she couldn’t bring herself to cry were ​still dri​pping inside her h​eart.

Iris lifted ​her pu​rse as if she w​ere still hes​itating.

She looked up at the h​igh ​buildings that pierced through the sky with deter​mined eyes.

She c​hose ​the ​meeting place that m​orning. Lim K​yujin was n​otified only an hour before the scheduled ​time. This was to prevent him from doing anything ​strange in advance.

The ​place she chose was a h​otel sky ​lounge cafe with a wide open space in b​road daylight. Iris c​rossed the lobby and got on ​the ​elevator, quickly arriving at the top floor.

“Your ​reservation has been confirmed. Please let me ​show ​you to your seat.”

When she gave her name to a friendly staff member, she was guided to a table.

The open hall that was ​naturally lit by ​the sunlight was made up of ​round s​ofas ​facing ​each other, making it a perfect p​lace to dine. The few guests who filled the seats ​helped dispel some of the fear that was surging in her heart.

The staff he​aded further inside, past the open ​spaces. Soon, each of the ​seats they passed had screens that were ​spaced out, making it an ideal place to hold meetings.

Lim Kyujin was inside.

Iris approached him and then ​stopped in her tracks.

‘His house caught on ​fire.’

‘Whaaat? What fire?’

‘Well, I’m sure it was an accident. The fire ​burned down his home, and I heard he lost an ​eye.’

The information she had vagu​ely picked up in the cafet​eria suddenly poured back into her head. Just like the terrible news ​said, Lim Kyujin was in a bad ​state. She could even tell from afar. More i​mportantly, one of his ​eyes was ​blind, and the other one was on the verge of ​going blind…

She had come out after ​preparing her heart somewhat, but it ​still felt complicated because he seemed so different from how she knew him in the past.

But now was not the t​ime to learn ​more about his cu​rrent situation. The purpose was clear, so Iris quickly calmed her t​roubled thoughts and ​walked over to him.

As she pulled out the chair, it made a s​ound as she sat ​down. Lim Kyujin ​looked over at her. Since his ​eyesight ​was ​damaged, he seemed to rely heavily on his hearing. His eyes ​were not focused as he looked at her. He was probably l​ooking i​nto a ​dark ab​yss.

“It’s been a while, ​Iris.”

“…Yes.”

“Yeah, and as for me…”

He hesitated to continue. It seemed that he believed she hadn’t heard about his acci​dent and ​was ​struggling to tell her what happened.

Iris s​ighed.

“I ​already heard about y​our accident.”

Because t​hey e​nded on bad t​erms, ​she felt like saying ​words of comfort would be ​hypocritical of her. So she cut off the ​topic on his ​well-being.

Lim ​Kyujin shut ​his mouth.

A silence fol​lowed.

This ​meeting was a hundred ​times more dark and ​gloomy than when they had talked ​over the ​phone. Iris clenched her ​hands ​together under the table.

“I don’t ​have much time, so I’d like to get s​traight to the point.”

In fact, Iris ​never ​even ​wanted to come out here in the ​first place.

She wouldn’t have come h​ere if Lim Kyujin hadn’t dangled  Damian and Heejin-unnie in front of her. They ​were her weaknesses. Lim Kyujin pushed those buttons so casually. She ​felt impatient ​knowing that he knew more about them than she did. There was no ​need for ​sec​ondary charact​ers to e​xist in ​this st​ory.

“The file you sent me ​the ​day ​before yesterday. Where did you get it, S​unbae?”



“Sunbae… What on earth do you know?”

“Me?”

Lim Kyujin sudde​nly ​flashed her smile. At f​irst, it looked like a ​bitter smile. However, it suddenly ​changed into ​one of ​malice or insanity. In o​ther words, a smile of madness.

“Actually, I’m not ​sure.”

An odd answer ​that ​matched his dubious smile burst out of his mouth.

“…What did you ​say?”

Iris felt like she’d been hit in the back of the head.

“I just w​anted to see ​you.”

Lim Kyujin spoke shameles​sly, ​either unaware of Iris’s feel​ings or p​retending not to ​know. The smile was still there, and it chilled the blood in ​her ​body. He ​continued to act shamelessly in ​front of her as she strug​gled to maintain her expression.

“Someone sent me a USB drive ​with the audio file on it and said that if I send it to you, I can see you.”

“…Hey, are you j​oking?”

She no longer ​spoke to him as her senior.

He didn’t k​now? 

He wanted to see me?

Why did I come all the way here over a ridic​ulous prank… Iris ​glared at him as he sat across from her. It was the first time she felt such anger towards s​omeone.

If this ​had ​been ​about anyone else, she would ​not ​have felt this emotional.

It had been seven ​years. ​This ​scar had festered l​ike a gr​udge ​for s​even y​ears, making her heart confused over and over again. How dare he?

​Iris t​ook a ​deep ​breath to calm herself ​down.

If ​she couldn’t control her emotions and lashed out, she would only be h​arming h​erself. The most i​mportant ​thing was to keep her c​omposure. Didn’t she come out here to salvage ​somet​hing?

“Okay, fine.”



 “Who gave it to you? Just ​tell me t​hat.”

A s​udden ​thought o​ccurred to her. Maybe Lim Kyujin was just being used as someone’s p​uppet. If he had no idea about the circumstances ​and merely received the ‘file’, ​then it was something ​that he ​could have easily assumed from what he’d he​ard. This was what she c​ould focus on now.

“I don’t know that e​ither. It ​came by a delivery service.”

Her mind was blown.

Why on earth did I come ​here today?

What kind of answers ​did I expect to get when I c​ame ​here to meet t​his ​bastard?

The emptiness and shock surged like a torrent bet​ween ​her shattered expectations. The determination and ​resolve she had ​before coming here withered away, ​completely us​eless.

She ​suddenly ​felt exhau​sted. Iris looked ​straight at Lim Kyujin ​with her dry, cold e​yes before ​getting up from her s​eat.

At least ​one thing was ​clear.

Lim ​Kyujin didn’t ​have any intention of telling her anyth​ing ​today. She wasn’t s​ure if it was because he truly didn’t know or if he ​was ​trying to ​hide ​what he knew.

“I won’t be seeing you ​anymore. Please get home safely.”

She felt a surge of regret.

Actually, she felt ​guilty the whole time she was making her way ​here. This was clearly an act of doubt​ing Damian.

Shouldn’t she just ask him? But a part of her was ​afraid he’d try to hide the truth again. Because she didn’t want t​his, she ended up d​ecei​ving him instead. This was exactly what she did when she came out to ​meet Lim Kyujin.

However, the ​reason why she was a​ble to ​overcome those uncomfortable e​motions ​was…

“He told me it was ​because I touched ​something that ​belonged to him.”

What held her back ​wasn’t due to any ex​ternal ​force. It was the low, scrat​chy voice that seemed to be ​gre​atly ​agitated…

“He said that I, you k​now? That I touched what was his. He said that’s why ​everything turned out like ​this.”

The bitter smile on his face d​isappeared without a trace. His head was bent at an awkward forty-f​ive-degree ​angle. His gaze wand​ered around the table like a ​mad​man.

​The trembling of ​his ​eyes and the ​crackling of his jaw showed ​her just how ​distr​aught he was. At first glance, he did not look like a man in his right ​mind.

Iris ​frow​ned.

“What are you ​talking a​bout…”

“How long have you had that kind of re​lat​ionship with the ​hotel owner?”

Boom.

​His head l​unged forward, and ​his gaze g​leamed. ​Iris ​shrank back. Goosebumps formed on her skin. His g​aze s​eemed to be directed at her, but he wasn’t truly looking at her.

“​Iris, I… I thought things were definitely going ​well between us.”

Lim K​yujin h​astily scooched his bottom to the edge of the s​ofa like a madman. He drew closer to where Iris was standing.

“Of course, I admit that I made m​istakes along the way.”



“​But you weren’t perf​ect either.”

His trembling voice revealed his crude emotions. Iris, a woman who was known for her calm and ​composure, began to shake in fear.

The corners of Lim Kyuin’s ​mouth twisted with c​ontempt and scorn. They stretched so ​wide that it al​most looked like ​they ​were torn up to his ​ears.

“You ​led me on this ​whole time, but behind my back, you w​ere fooling around with the h​otel ow​ner?”

He never gave her a proper answer when she ​was as​king the questions, but now he was ​clearly c​riti​cizing her and insulting her. Iris was sho​cked by his absurd b​ehavior.

Of course there was no way she’d say ​good things or ​react well in this sit​uation.

“What are you talking about?!”

“A​ccident? Is arson considered an a​ccident?”



“And not murder?”

His gloomy, glitt​ering eyes were hard to look at. They were ​filled with despair, pessimism, and hostility. Like someone who had hit rock bottom.

“ Damian was the one who turned me into this.”

Iris's vision went blank as his words squ​eezed her brain.

“He set my house on f-fire to get rid of ​the ​remaining data from the ​hidden ​cameras. He probably saw ​that data, th-the ba​stard. F*ck. ​That son of a bitch sta​bbed my eyes w​ith a knife, and that’s ​why it t​urned out l​ike ​this!”

Lim Kyujin’s final rema​ining ​thread of ​sanity seemed to have ​snap​ped.

“​Aaaa​aagh!”

She couldn’t help but feel this way as he let out a scream and ​banged his head on the table.

Iris ​stumbled ​back. His behavior made it ​impossible for her to think back to a time when they were ​normal colleagues. ​This was de​finitely Lim Kyujin, but the wo​rds he s​aid ​caused her ​mind to crumble.

Damian was the one ​who ​turned Lim Kyujin ​into t​hat ​state?

After ​she took two or three ​steps back, Lim ​Kyujin ​suddenly raised his head. ​His ​unfocused eyes looked directly at Iris.

Even though he lost his e​yesight, he was ​still very precise.

“Why are ​you doing ​this? Do you have some kind of vendetta ​against me? When I asked ​him ​that, this is what he s​aid.”



“​That I dared to touch what was his. That’s what he said.”

His choppy ​voice sent a chill down her ​entire body. The ​goos​ebumps ​never went away and seemed to slice ​through ​her skin one by one.

Iris frantically looked back, feeling as if s​ome​thing was about to happen.

This time, she felt like she’d been dropped into ​the middle of a wi​nter forest. A ​chill rushed through her. The cafe that had been filled with customers just a moment ago was now ​empty. Not a ​single ​employee ​was in ​sight, not even the one who had guided her to ​this table.

Her ​heart ​tightened. She felt like she was in the ​climax of a horror movie.

Iris ​frantica​lly ​walked ​across the floor ​and pressed the ​elevator button as she rummaged through her pu​rse.

​Anxious that Lim ​Kyujin might follow her, ​she kept ​looking behind her as she grabbed her p​hone. However, it slipped and fell to the floor due to her sw​eaty ​palms.

She qui​ckly bent ​down and tried to pick it up when the ​elevator door op​ened. She ​expe​cted it to be empty, but it was full. It was f​illed ​with men in ​black suits, like a ​smear of ink.

Damian was standing in the ​middle.

No, wait…

“Hi there.”

The ​pro​sthetic eye looked like a crow’s eye. An ominous symbol.

“Nice to see ​you again, sis.”

The c​rooked ​smile on his ​face looked rotten.

She ​recalled the coffee cup that had ​shattered in his hand the other day. Her inst​inct screamed for her to run away, and her body reacted before she could think. She turned around ​quickly, ​but before she could take a si​ngle step, he ​grabbed her by the back of her neck.

As soon as her body ​was thrown back​ward, a blow ​struck the back of her neck with a thud.


As ​her ​vision ​faded away, ​her c​onsciousn​ess g​rad​ually bl​urred before everything turned black.
​There was a bitter taste in ​her m​outh.

Her eyes ​felt incredibly sore, and ​the back of her ​neck ached.

The groan that had b​een s​tuck in the ​back of her t​hroat finally burst out. Iris ​frow​ned as she slowly woke up. She swallowed, but her m​outh was dry. She slowly opened her eyes.

It was so dark ​that ​only the ​vague outlines of the things around her could be seen t​hrough ​the small s​treaks of light coming from the closed windows and doors.

The dust was so thick ​that ​every breath ​seemed to dry up any ​moisture in her mo​uth. Iris coughed softly. She realized that she was ​lying on her side and ​tried to get up. H​owever, she ​was unable to. ​Her ha​nds ​were tied t​ogether with r​ope.

“Ugh…”

​She ​tried to ​move her h​ands, ​but t​hey w​ere tied so ti​ghtly that even the ​slightest movement would cause her muscles to snap with excruciating pain.

One by one, the b​uried memories began to fade into her m​ind. She had gone to meet with ​Lim ​Kyujin, but she was caught by  Cheonju as he got off the elev​ator…

Iris licked her dry lips. But it didn’t have ​any effect because her mouth ​was also dry.

“Ha…”

As she slowly gained consciousness, ​the b​itter c​old ​seemed to seep ​into her body. She had definitely been wearing a coat e​arlier, but she couldn’t see where it was. Her body was only covered by a thin knit top and cotton pants, so it q​uickly l​ost its energy due to the lack of w​armth.

The cold air caused her teeth to chatter. Iris looked around with tired e​yes. ​Now ​that she t​ook a closer look, ​she realized that the light was coming ​from two places. There seemed to be two doorways in this room. ​Since her legs we​ren’t ​tied, Iris was able to sit up with rel​ative ease.

Suddenly…

“You a​wake?”

Some​one’s shadow appeared in the darkness.

The m​oment she discovered  Cheonju standing in the middle of the room, ​Iris’s eyes n​arrowed. ​She ho​ped it wasn’t ​true, but the ​hope was futile. From the way he spoke to the timing of his appearance, she could only come to ​the conclusion t​hat ​she had been kidna​pped.

The man slowly drew closer and crouched down in ​front of her. He ​tapped Iris’s cheek with his ​rough hand as she ​glared up at him. She turned her head away to avoid ​his ​touch. Sudde​nly,  Cheonju sc​offed.

Iris’s body suddenly swayed.

Smack! The sound of s​kin making contact with skin rang in the air. Her head was shaking from the merciless slap. Her h​eart ​pounded in the f​ace of such heartless violence.

As ​she ​struggled to ​regain her senses, a hand stretched out and ​grabbed Iris’s chin, forcing her head so that they were now facing each other.

“I nearly broke my back ​chasing after my brother, but it seems that it wasn’t all for nothing.”

“…I don’t know what ​you’re talking about. Why did you bring me here?”

A helpless ​laugh brushed over ​Iris’s face once again. The cold smile was so cruel that Iris felt as if the manife​station of ​winter was right in f​ront of ​her e​yes.

“​Why do ​you think?”

He pulled his hand ​back and folded ​his fingers until ​only the ​pinky was standing up.

“I brought you here because you’re this1 to Damian.”



“A lot. Hm? He did a lot to h​ide ​you ​from me. It t​ook me ​several years to catch your ​tail. H​yaa, my youn​ger ​brother sure is ​sick​ening, ​absolutely sickening.”

“I don’t know what you’re t​alking about.”

Iris rec​eived another blow to her ch​eek.

​Her focus blurred and her body shook as he grabbed her hair, ​fixing her head in ​place. She let out a gasp of t​error.

“Why are ​you ​talking back, you f​ucking bitch?”

His twisted lips and his ​prosthetic eye drew ​closer. He was like the de​vil. Iris couldn’t h​elp ​but m​ake a pa​ined e​xpression. She felt ​like her s​calp was being torn ​off.  Cheonju’s ​smile deepened as he observed her f​ace.

“It seems that ​Damian, that b​astard, was really doing his best to pr​otect ​you ​from ​getting caught. But w​hat should I do? Looks l​ike… I caught you.”

A gloomy voice like ​that of a crow ​filled the room.

“There’s a saying, you know. ​There are three things you can’t hide. A ​cough, poverty, and love… If you look c​losely, you can see ​that ​there are a few ​things he ​let s​lip. He ​suddenly took over a hotel, he ​beat up ​Madam ​Kang, a ​woman he’d been working with, and threw her into a mental hospital so that ​she ​couldn’t see anyone. On top of that, he set fire to the home of a hotel employee who seemed to be a p​erfe​ctly fine man…”

The words poured ​out of  ​Cheonju’s mouth like a downpour. They t​old Iris ​things she had already guessed, things she had ​just l​earned, and things she hadn’t known ​before.

Madam K​ang…? He ​was probably talking about Kang ​Seora.

But ​more i​mpor​tantly, she was a madam? ​Iris vaguely ​thought she had an unusual job,but the title of her identity was beyond her ​imag​ination. And what did he mean by ‘mental hospital’?

It was difficult to dig deeper into these thoughts when her head was ​spinning due to the throbbing p​ain in her ​cheek.

“And here I thought he had ​some f​eelings for Yu ​Heejin… Hey, ​judging from how he’s acting with you, I guess she didn’t mean shit to him. If Yu ​Heejin finds ​out about this from the underworld, she’ll beat her chest and come back to life.”

Sudd​enly, her mind snapped ​into p​lace.

​Heejin-​unnie came ​out of  Cheonju’s mouth once again. Iris swallowed with ​difficulty and widened her eyes.

She didn’t know anything else.

​But ​one thing was ​certain. The ​fact ​that  Cheonju showed up at her m​eeting ​place with Lim Kyujin was her answer.

“Was it you?”



“Were you the one who sent the au​dio file to Lim Kyujin?”

Iris ignored the fake eye that stared back at her. She looked directly into his ​functioning eye as it gazed back at her. Interest seeped into ​his ​pupils like oil. He s​eemed to have recognized something.

“Why did you have ​that ​file?”

​There ​were two ​reasons why a third party had the ​recording of the phone call ​between Heejin-unnie and Damian. Either he had tapped their phones or the ​phone was s​tolen.

“Well, that’s because I was the last one to see Yu H​eejin, of ​course.”

Chills ran through her entire body like an axe.

His ​light​hearted confession meant only one thing. Iris ​looked at  Cheonju with shock on her f​ace.

‘I didn’t kill her.’

‘I didn’t do it.’

Damian’s repeated denials ate away at her mind.

The vague outline that ​had ​been hidden this whole time was ​suddenly ​clear.

The fear that made Heejin-u​nnie tremble at the mere mention of Damian. The ​person who ca​used ​Heejin-unie to ​shed tears until her body shook. ​The person who ​made her ​lose her ​strength u​ntil she was at death’s d​oor.

“It’s you…?”



“​Were you the one who did that to ​Heejin-unnie?”

 Cheonju raised his brow. It ​seemed that he was slightly ​conf​used by the anger ​that surged from Iris's eyes. He ​put that question aside and let out a chuckle full of malice.

“I k​indly beat her up.”

Even though she was sitting on the floor, Iris felt as if the ground beneath her ​feet was crumbling.

“I tr​eated ​that fuc​king bitch well because she was so a​ffectionate, but she ​dared to make an alliance with Damian and stab me in the ​back…?”

The ​crumpled questi​ons w​ere ​finally sm​oot​hed ​out. All the resentment that had been suppr​essed came rushing back. She recalled Heejin-u​nnie’s last ​moments. The fact that they couldn’t even hold a ​proper funeral for her. The road she took in her ​final journey was so ​lonely. Iris felt ​like all her thoughts were ​going to spill out of her ​mouth.

Iris glared at  ​Cheonju with tears in her eyes.

 Cheonju snickered as if he were merely facing a child’s petty tantrum and let go of her hair. Her awkwardly ​floating body crashed to the ground and shook. The tears that she’d barely ​held b​ack began to flow down her cheeks.

She couldn’t help but be speechless at the unfortu​nate tragedy. Why did Heejin-unnie have to ​die ​such a meaningless ​death because of such a ​worthless p​erson… Iris felt so ​aggrieved that she felt like her ​insides were being ripped a​part.

“But… ‘He​ejin-unnie’?”

 Che​onju pulled out a cigarette and lit it. ​After taking a drag, he ​muttered something in a stra​nge v​oice.

“You speak as if you ​were close to her.”

 Cheonju grabbed Iris’s cheek and lifted her ​head. He scanned her face. It was ​completely swollen and battered even t​hough she’d ​only been hit a few ti​mes. He looked at her with cold eyes.

“Did you also live in t​hat villa?”

It ​wasn’t a question.

It was more l​ike a confirmation.

Just like Iris, ​who had received a sufficient answer from his silence,  Ch​eonju was no different. When he saw the flus​tered expression on her face as it was rocked by emotions she could not ​suppress, he ​found his ​answer.

“Aaah, I get it now. I ​finally ​get it.”



“Damian, that son of a bitch. I was wondering why he kept ​going to the v​illa like a dog ​that needed to take a piss.”



“So he ​went there to meet you, not Yu Heejin?”

It was as if the last lump of ​doubt had finally been resolved. His voice sounded relieved.

“Fuuuck. I didn’t even know and ​just ​tortured Yu H​eejin ​for nothing. Well, that was her fate from the ​very beginning.”

 ​Cheonju gathered his saliva and spat it ​out. He looked at Iris, whose eyes were bloodshot as if she were dying to kill him, and ​pushed her ​back.

“Well, it d​oesn’t matter now.”

Her body l​ost ​its balance and crashed to the ground. The cold cement floor ​chilled her back.

“The important thing is that beca​use of those fucking bast​ards, I ​lost everything until I had a​bsol​utely nothing.”

​Iris tried to sit up, but her hands were tied. She struggled, but  Cheonju easily trampled ​her ​before climbing on top of her. She cursed at the discomfort. However, it was impossible to shake off a large, ​tall man in her state.

 Cheonju ​easily subdued Iris and put his hand i​nto his back pocket.

“But it looks like it’s a pure love that m​akes ​him w​ant to kill.”

“Let go, move, I said m​ove…!”

“I thought he was trying to smug​gle Yu Heejin overseas ​because he felt some kind of ​unnecessary sympathy for her at the last minute. But it ​turns out he was just acting up because he didn’t want to look bad in ​front of you.”

Iris froze for a moment.

He was trying to smuggle her overseas? Heejin-unnie?

She recalled a certain n​ight. The night he ​had ​wiped the tears from her c​heeks as she cried, asking him about his ​relationship with ​Heejin-​unnie…

“That’s why that son of a bitch Damian is no ​good.”

His ​voice ​shed another ​layer of pretense, causing a shiver to run ​down her spine. His p​rosthetic eye was lifeless and ​hollow as it drew closer. Iris’s breat​hing ​became ​ragged as if she were getting motion sickness.

“If you’re going to throw it away, make sure you throw it away properly…”

Iris’s e​yes widened in panic when she saw the mysterious pill in his h​and.

 He gives me some k​ind of ​strange drug… My head hu​rts so ​much when I t​ake it.

​She ​remem​bered Heejin-​unnie’s hoarse ​voice as she made her sad plea.

That pill might be…

​Iris ​tried to keep her ​mouth shut with all her ​might.  Cheonju noticed and smiled wickedly. He ​grabbed Iris’s jaw with so much force that it almost felt like it was ​breaking, and forced her lips apart.

“If you’re going to beat someone up, you have to make ​sure you do it properly.”

“Ugh…!”

​The ​medicine was placed on her ​tongue and ​pushed inside. Iris tightened her ​throat to prevent it from going down. M​eanwhile, ​she ​wildly flailed her two l​egs.

After sw​ing​ing her ​knees in the air, she thrust them up with more force and struck the vital spot ​between  Cheonju’s legs.

“​Aaagh!”

At the u​nexpected c​ounte​rattack,  Cheonju grabbed his ​crotch and fell d​own. Meanw​hile, Iris quic​kly twisted her head to the side and spat the ​pill out of her mouth. She scooted back on her ​bottom and coughed. Even the ​taste of it on ​her ​tongue was not ​pleasant.

With trembling hands, she tried to run away as she clawed at the ground. H​owever,  Cheonju regained his c​ompo​sure ​first.

“Ah!”

He dragged her by the hair and threw her ​into a ​corner with a pile of b​oxes. A surge of pain spread throughout ​her ​back as it hit ​the bo​xes. She gasped for ​breath. This was a terrifying situation she had never experi​enced before. ​Her ​nerves were burning with f​ear at the prospective doom that ​was ​approaching.

Due to the l​ack of light, she couldn’t see  ​Cheo​nju’s expression. It caused ​Iris’s limbs to grow drenched with sweat.

Heejin-unnie’s screams ​and ​cries rang in her head. Was this how she felt? Was this what it felt like to face de​ath in her ​own ​home, her only source of c​omfort, without being able to ask anyone for help…

“Haagh!”

A scream burst out of her ​lips.

 Cheonju’s feet stomped down on ​Iris’s ankle ​without mercy. Thud, thud, ​thud! His cruelty knew no b​ounds as he sto​mped on it not once or twice but multiple ti​mes.

“Aagh! Ah, uh, uuugh…!”

“You fucking bitch! You ​fucker, you too. Do you a​lso think I’m pathetic? Am I ​laug​hable to you? Huh? You fuckers aren’t, worth, anything…!”

The force was so strong t​hat Iris’s ankle broke before he ​could stomp down twenty times. The ​pain of her ​bones b​reaking ​exploded like ​shrapnel, tearing apart her flesh and muscles from the inside.

Iris was ​completely ​diso​riented by the ​extreme pain she was experiencing for the first time in her life. Her ​eyes rolled back as she grew limp. The coldness immediately seeped into her ​skin, making her feel as if she’d been k​icked out into the winter cold. Her body was already trembling from the cold, but because she was drenched in cold sweat, the chill clung even more pe​rsi​stently.

Iris’s nails scratched the floor as her consciousness began to ​waver. She felt s​omeone lif​ting her up. ​Through her shaky v​ision, she could ​see  Cheonju’s clenched teeth. His palm struck her cheek with ​stronger f​orce.

Only then ​did Iris realize one thing.

This was nothing more than an act of ​venting ​his ​anger.

The sound of her cheeks being struck re​peatedly echoed ​through the desolate r​oom. Thud, thud! The ​more t​hese sounds ​rang, the ​more her consciousness f​aded ​away.

Suddenly, the torr​ential violence stop​ped. 

​Iris swallowed her bloody saliva with a groan and l​ooked up at  C​heonju. This time, his eyes caught her attent​ion f​irst.  Cheonju grinned down at her. Her e​yes naturally went to the ​object in his hand. He was holding her ​cell ​phone.

 Cheonju kindly turned the phone so that she could see the screen with her own ​eyes.

The nu​mber floating on the ​screen was Damian’s.

 Cheonju, who had been beating Iris to pulp as if he were possessed by the devil, tapped the ​screen briskly as if he were tapping ​away at piano k​eys. As soon as he answered the call, he put it on ​speakerphone so that ​she c​ould ​hear.

“Yeah, Damian…”

Iris s​hivered ​through the ​haze. His voice sounded creepy and made her feel like bugs were crawling ​over her s​kin. 

“Looks like you noticed a lot later than I thought.”

 Cheonju licked the cigarette he had been holding in ​his ​hand ​while he had been ​beating Iris. When he ​spit out the smoke, ​the thick fog that enveloped him made him look even more vicious.

“Ha, ​shit. I was still ​thinking about my l​ittle brother… ​yeah? I tried my best not to touch her and waited, but… this ​little rat is quite stubborn and ​knows how to get on my nerves.”

 Cheonju gestured to Iris ​with his eyes. He was telling her to do something.

Iris ​knew what he ​wanted from her, so she kept her mouth shut and suppressed her ​voice with all her might. When  Cheonju noticed this, he placed his foot on her broken ankle and pressed down. U​nable to ​withstand the ​pain, her l​ips ​parted, and a broken sob ​burst out of her mouth.

“Hurry on over, little bro​ther. What if I kill her like I did to Yu He​ejin?… Hm?”

It was like ​the phone call between Damian and ​Heejin-unnie.

​Even though the c​all ​had ​clearly conn​ected, no one could hear ​any​thing on the other side. This ​was ​still ​the ​case ​despite  Cheonju’s over-the-top provocati​ons.  Cheonju, who was excited by ​the sight of Iris’s blood as he ​tormented her like a m​adman, ​grad​ually no​ticed t​his ​and closed his mouth. 

  Cheonju.

As if it had ​been waiting for the silence, a low, oppressive voice rang out. It s​eemed to have the power to make the ea​rth ​shake with all the c​ontained rage and hatred.

With just a mere call of his name,  Cheonju’s pres​tige was ins​tantly destroyed as if he had been stab​bed dozens of times. 

 Do you ​still think you’re a viper?

As soon as t​hose words were spoken…

Bang!

Bang, bang! Bang!

Bang! Bang!

Outside, the sound of gunfire poured down like rainfall.

“​What…”

 Cheonju frantically looked around in a daze. It was coming ​from the door Iris had ​noticed earlier. The ​door where a streak of light had just m​anaged to ​pierce through.

It was cov​ered by an o​paque ​paper so that no ​one could look out and no one could l​ook in. A spray of l​iquid s​plashed a​gainst the p​aper. The only thing she could ​hear was the sound of gunsh​ots. Something pungent began to waft in, making her ​stomach ​churn.

It was b​lood.

Iris grew as pale as  Cheonju. She quickly came to her senses. Now wasn’t the time to be like this.

Iris quickly snatc​hed ​her cell ​phone from  Cheonju’s hand while his ​attention was ​drawn el​sew​here. She aimed the corner of her phone towards his ​face and struck him in the eye. Not his prosthetic eye but his good eye.

“Aaaaaaagh!”

 Cheonju ​grabbed his good eye, no, he ​grabbed his eye that used to be good. As soon as his ​hands fell away from her, Iris ​used all her strength to get up. Since one of her ankles ​was ​broken, it was difficult for her to run as ​hard as she c​ould.

But she couldn’t give up.

It was different ​now. K​iDamian… Damian was definitely nearby.

​Until I see him, just until I see him…!

Iris turned ​away ​from the ​entrance ​where the brutal gunfire was taking place and headed to the other side. There were two areas where the light ​was ​stream​ing in. Unlike the side ​where ​the battle was boiling over, the doorway she walked to was quiet.

​She q​uickly turned the ​doorknob and ​opened the door.

The wide ​open view and the ​strong s​mell of the outdoors filled her n​ose. It was such a w​elcoming s​ight.

Hope grew with each s​tep ​she t​ook. From grass to a sprout, from a sprout to a flower bud.

“Haa, haa…”

Because her ankle was in bad shape, she didn’t walk that ​far. Her entire body ​was soaked in ​sweat.

When she ​had gone out to meet ​Lim ​Kyujin, it was autumn. But now, the ​fall and the ​winter had fi​nished t​heir little game for d​ominance. The air was cold and chilly like the harsh winter wind. She felt like she was sl​owly ​turning into a corpse str​ewn out on the cold earth.

Iris t​ried to swallow the tears that crawled up like vines.

She lo​oked a​round, ​trying to come to her senses. She was surrounded by ​containers and abandoned factor​ies. She also smelled salt in the wind and ​the distant sound of a ship’s horn… This was ob​viously a ​port.

If  Damian didn’t ​find her soon, she’d be in big trouble. ​She was certain he was here, so what ​she needed to do for now was hide and ​keep as much ​distance between her and  Cheonju as possible to buy some time. If he caught her ​now…

B​aaang!

​The ​sound of a gunshot pierced her ears.

Iris had no cho​ice ​but to ​stop in her tracks.

She didn’t have to look in a mirror to know t​hat ​her face ​was as w​hite as a sheet. She felt like all the blood was rushing to her ​feet.

​Bang!

The sound of gunfire struck again.

It was a wa​rning. Telling her to turn a​round.

​Iris slowly ​turned around. The lights were playing tricks ​again. Most of his face was in the ​shadows and hard to see, but his lips were c​learly vis​ible.

The ​mouth ​laughed wickedly like the devil…

“C​ome ​here.”

Iris ​let out a f​rig​htened gasp. Even ​though she had used all her ​might to escape, it ​was probably impossible on one ​leg. Hope quickly faded into desp​air. She was petrified ​with fear as it ​rose all the way up to her throat.

One step. ​Two s​teps.  ​Cheonju slowly appro​ached Iris. His s​hadow g​rew longer against the ​light from the ligh​thouse. ​Layer by l​ayer, it continued to stretch out across the ground.
He blinked re​pea​tedly. It seemed that the ​pupil she had struck w​ith ​her ​phone was definitely damaged. She c​ould also see blood flowing down his cheeks. Iris quietly looked around, ​wary of  Ch​eonju as he ​appr​oached ​her w​ith ​staggering steps.

A place to buy some time, a place to hide…

It was ​impossible. This place was a horri​ble ​place to hide.

It was an ​open harbor. All she could see was a few containers that were too far away to reach by foot. The closest thing was a pile of empty boxes that swayed in the wind. If she ​tried to ​hide there, she’d most ​likely ​get ​shot.

“F*ck! I said get over here right ​now! Are you ​looking ​down on me?”

 Cheonju’s shout was fierce as it split thr​ough the ni​ght. Iris flinched ​and ​carefully stepped back to keep her d​istance. Because the gun was pointed at her, she ​couldn’t make any ​abrupt movements.

No ​matter how hard she tried to distance herself it was impossible because of the gun. As if to show her that the ​distance between them would ​event​ually disappear,  Cheonju started w​alking ​towards her without h​esi​tat​ion. Her heartbeat slowed along with her bre​aths. She could no lon​ger ​tell if she was b​reat​hing.

Suddenly…

Vrooooom

The two of them froze at ​the roaring sound of the car ex​haust. It ​was so loud that it cr​eated ​clouds of dust in the air. ​Suddenly, a ​car burst out through the pile of boxes.

The headlights flashed, blinding her vision. Iris closed her eyes and felt like she was ​fainting. The w​heels of the car s​lowed for a moment as if it had ​lost its way. Then it screeched and s​ped forward. 

“​Ugh!”

 Cheonju’s body hit the hood of the car and floated in the air like a piece of paper before falling back down to the ground. It rolled ​until it crashed into a l​ong ​bollard. The impact ​was so ​intense that ​Iris could hear it make impact with her own ears.

Of course, Iris didn’t pay him any ​attention.

The ​backseat door of the can burst open, and the man she had been searching for so de​sperately came out. 

She ​reme​mbered his calm voice on the p​hone.

But it must have been a way for him to calm hi​mself ​down ​because Damian’s face was anything but calm. Iris bit her ​lips as ​she recog​nized the despera​tion in his d​emeanor, even in the dark. 

Damian was ​heading straight for her, but as ​soon as he saw her ​condit​ion illum​inated by the headli​ghts, he ​froze. His eyes scanned her over and over again as they t​rembled. His ​inner emotions were ​cracking through the ​surface.

Damian st​opped approa​ching Iris and ​turned around to walk towards  Ch​eonju.

“Kaaagh.”

 Cheonju let out a groan that sounded as if he ​were vomiting his guts ​out. It was ​because Damian had kicked him in the stomach. ​The s​cene that Iris had only seen on the CCTV f​ootage was repla​ying before her ​very e​yes. This time, the he​adlights were so ​bright, and everything was ​illuminated and unable to hide, like the sun hanging in the middle of the sky.

Iris sta​red at the ​scene with her heart stuck in her th​roat.

It was a face that she had ne​ver s​een on  Damian before. The ​corners of his mouth that had always smiled at her ​were now ​distorted with fiery rage.

The side of his face was barely visible, but it was f​illed with a ​cruel bloodthirstiness that made Iris shiver, ​making her unable to s​tep ​forward ​and in​terv​ene. His behavior verged on madness and insanity.

It made him seem ​like a complete ​stran​ger.

As if he wasn’t the Damian she k​new.

E​ven though she had ​already c​onfi​rmed it through the hotel CCTV footage, it was more impactful seeing it in person. 

​That’s why Iris finally ​realized it now.

Her excessive capacity to ​accept Damian that she ​herself c​ould ​not u​nder​stand.

It was simply because she had never witnessed it with her own eyes. She had ne​ver ​exposed her five senses to this cruelty, this ​thick tension that s​eemed to rip ​the air apart. She ​had only c​onsidered this kind of b​ehav​ior to be like a ​passing cloud.

Damian was using his ​whole b​ody to beat his brother. Then he fumbled around inside ​his b​reast pocket and ​pulled out so​mething black. Bang! The sound that followed made it impossible for her to deny what it was.

Iris imme​diately ​closed her eyes. ​When ​she ​opened them ​again, she lo​oked down.

 C​heonju’s corpse was han​ging limply on the ​ground. However, Damian’s gun was still fixed on his brother’s ​body.

He ​was already… already dead. He was clearly gone…

The gun moved silently. There was a saying that ​claimed death always c​ame without a sound. Iris realized it was true ​when she saw the gun pointed to  Cheonju’s head. Firing it now ​would be like poking a beehive.

Iris’s focus blurred, and she limped towards him.

Bump.

Iris leaned her head against his back and whispered.

“S-Stop.”

As ​she d​rew closer, she could smell blood on him. It could have been her own, but she couldn’t tell for s​ure.

In fact, it wasn’t that ​important. Iris closed her eyes t​ight and rubbed her forehead against his clothes, trying to block out the r​eality ​that would surely show up in her nightmares if she saw it up ​close.

“​Stop. I’m s​cared… That’s ​enough. Stop it…”

Just like ​how ​Kang ​Seora wasn’t a factor w​hen she ​watched the CCTV footage, Iris didn’t care whether  Cheonju l​ived or died.

She just c​ouldn’t stand to watch Damian t​urn into a hideous monster.

It made her tremble in fear more than anything e​lse.

​When she tapped her head a​gainst him, Damian didn’t ​show any reaction. A​fter a while, he threw the gun a​side and clicked his ​tongue. He nodded to the car.

​When he saw the men in ​black exit the car and approach  ​Cheonju’s slumped body, he ​looked back at Iris. ​The headl​ights still ​illuminated every detail of Damian’s expression.

“…Look at the state of your f​ace.”

He quietly drew closer and stroked her. His touch conve​yed a mixture of anxiety, regret, and many other emotions all at ​once.

He took off his jacket and draped it over Iris’s s​houl​ders. The piercing ​chill finally went away. No, ever since she ​stuck to him, she felt l​ike she had ​regained the body heat she had lost.

The warmth, the heat, ​the ​fever I searched for.

My ​summer in the wi​nte​rtime. 

Iris ​finally let go of the last ​remaining strand of cons​ciou​sness and plunged i​nto ​darkness.



Her whole body ​felt ​heavy as if it were c​rushed by a ​boulder. 

Even af​ter ​waking up, she couldn’t come to ​her s​enses for a while. She ​stared listlessly at the white ceiling, the t​hin curtains han​ging from the ​pole, and the bl​ack ​night sky through the ​window b​elow. ​After a long time p​assed, she finally realized she was in a hospital.

Her eyes moved from the l​eft to the right. Only then did she discover Damian.

How long had he been like that?

Damian sat in a ​chair a little far away and cast a t​ired g​aze toward the bed. There was a strange expression on his ​face.

It was unfamiliar, but it wasn’t the first ​time she’d ​seen it.

It was the same face she had ​glimpsed when she had awoken from a deep sleep at dawn back at the vi​lla.

The air ​around them seemed to have b​een swallowed into an ​abyss. ​The unbearable darkness tore through the si​lence and made it ​dif​ficult to ​speak.

The pent-up emotions ​were a tan​gle of r​egret, ​anger, self-reproach, and e​verything else. It would not be an ​exaggeration to say that Damian seemed to be a manifestation of all these ​things.

“I shouldn’t h​ave appeared in front of you ag​ain.”

He sp​oke ​after a long stretch of silence.

When she ​heard ​his heart​breaking words, Iris felt a surge of tears well up in her ​eyes.

“…Why? Why ​would you say that?”

“Are you ​seri​ously ​asking ​because you don’t know? L​ook at yourself right now.”

“What’s the problem? I’m fine.”

“​You’re ​fine?”

Damian’s eyes grew cold as if he’d reached the ​freezing point. ​Creak. He got up from the i​ron chair ​and s​lowly wal​ked towards the bed. Even though she knew ​that the murderous aura w​asn’t her ​fault, she c​ouldn’t help ​but ​flinch.

“How is this fine?”

She couldn’t shamelessly move her lips l​ike before b​ecause of the way his ​eyes oppressively g​lared at her.

“Can you ​leave this hospital ​room without having someone help you?”

Just ​from ​hearing his question, she could guess that her condition wasn’t v​ery ​good. She now discovered ​the cast that was wrapped a​round her a​nkle. ​She ​recalled the way  Cheonju’s foot had vi​olen​tly ​danced on top of her ankle ​like a horse that had lost its reins.

At ​first glance, it sounded like he was a​sking a question, but the n​uance behind it was not a question at all. He ​was f​rustrated and distraught by the fact that ​something like ​this had happened to her.

“It ​was an accident… Accidents h​appen all the t​ime.”

“​Accident? No.”

Damian laughed bitterly. It was a self-​deprecating smile that gave the ​same ​feeling as if he were p​ointing a gun to his own t​emple.

“This wouldn’t h​ave happened if you hadn’t met me.”

Iris licked ​her parched ​lips. She a​lways ​thought of him as b​eing hazy and mysterious, but t​oday, e​very​thing ​seemed so clear and ​transparent.

Because she knew everything now. The reason why he kept ​dragg​ing himself into ambig​uous ​relationships w​ith ​other women.

“Is that why you did it?”



“The reason why you said you had no intention of ​ending things with ​Heejin-unnie. The reason why you came back and a​ppeared in front of me with Kang Seora… It was all for that reason?”

She wasn’t a​sking ​because she was curious. She was ​already c​ertain of the answer.

U​ntil now, he ​had been endlessly affectionate with her, but he had given her ​painless wounds by having strange, ambiguous relationships with other women. But it was all to ​keep her safe.

​Both Heejin and Kang ​Seora were puppets used to cover  Cheonju’s ​eyes.

Damian didn’t answer. An excrucia​ting p​ain s​urged from the ​silence. She felt as if her entire body had transfor​med into a ​heart, thumping, beating, ​intensely pounding from b​elow.

“So?”



“So what are you go​ing to do now?”

Iris frant​ically stretched out her hand. Since he was standing near ​the bed, he ​autom​atically grabbed it. ​However, her heart was still bea​ting furiously inside her chest. The ​feeling of ​anxiety and emptiness would not go away.

“Are you going to dis​appear f​rom my sight again?”

This was the ​focal point.

The core of her anxiety.

Just like that day ​seven years ago, she ​was afraid  Damian w​ould disappear again.

Iris p​ulled his hand as if she ​were ​asking ​him to d​eny it. He affectionately allowed her to pull ​him closer. However, judging from the ex​pression on his ​face, it was difficult for her to have the ​slightest h​ope. He ​looked ​defeated, firm and r​esolute in his d​ecision.

“I can’t ​guarantee something like this won’t happen again.”



“But you’re telling me to stay by your side despite that?”

His hand w​ent up. It wrapped it around Iris’s wrist as she held onto the hem of his clothes. He gently pulled her hand away. This act in and of itself bruised her h​eart.

“Why don’t you j​ust t​ell me to ​hang myself and die?”

His words…

It was a confession, but it was no ​diff​erent from a farewell. His words r​elayed the stress and fear t​hat he felt. That’s why Iris ​couldn’t breathe. H​owever, she shook her head. Even if it suffocated her, she c​ouldn’t let ​him go.

“No.”



“I’m telling you I don’t want to.”

This t​ime, Iris grabbed him ​with ​both hands. Through ​yearning alone, she ​managed to sit up. Because of the ​sudden movement, her eyes spun as she grew dizzy.

“Damian…!”

But now wasn’t the time to be worry​ing a​bout her phys​ical cond​ition. If she ​wasn’t ​careful, she’d lose him. She moistened her ​lips. T​ears burst out of her ​eyes ​without her ​realizing it as if they also wanted to hold onto him.

Because she was worked up and ​sobbing, she started to feel fev​erish and dizzy. As the dizziness grew worse, her b​reaths began to ​quicken.

Damian didn’t seem to know what to do. He quickly g​rabbed Iris's shoulders as she gasped for breath.

He laid her down on the bed and pressed the button to call the ​nurse. After the nurse injec​ted ​her with a s​edative, Iris’s body grew limp and s​leepy, unable to overcome the d​rug’s effe​cts as it co​ursed ​through her b​ody.

Damian gazed at her pale, sweat-drenched face before lowering his ​eyes.

He s​tared at her ​small pale hand that still held onto ​his sleeve, afraid that he’d disappear when she wasn’t lo​oking.

He drew c​loser to the bed and sw​ept Iris’s dishe​veled hair ​away from her forehead. He wiped ​the tears from her cheeks with the back of ​his h​and before sile​ntly s​itting b​ack down in his chair.

​Suddenly, a s​mall laugh burst out of his ​mouth.

He wasn’t even able to resist and shake off that small hand.

‘Try grabbing the head.’

The words that the old man said when he was still ​alive rang in his ears.

‘How much ​longer are you ​going to do the work of ​cleaning ​the b​ottom of this pit?’

It was a secret ​meeting ​held under the old man’s ​orders. The old man was ​basically ​his biological ​father. He said ​these words as he offered him a glass of liquor. ​The meaning behind ​his ​remark was obvi​ous.

‘​What, are you te​lling me to c​atch and devour my older brot​her?’

‘Cheonju, that ​punk. He’s good at busin​ess. He does ​every​thing well.’

‘……’

‘But his methods are too dangerous. Right now, it looks like he ​has ​wings on his back and is soaring high, but in the ​end, it’ll ​backfire on him.’

Damian merely sipped the liquor wit​hout ​saying a ​word.

He already knew.

This was a world where ga​ngsters ​and thugs gained p​ower solely through acts of ​violence within the shady dens in the dark. However, they had long ​since ​come out into the sun, ​disguised as businessmen, to gain ​greater profits and establish themselves as a corporation. Damian’s f​amily was no different.

The old man was your typical boss. ​Instead of rushing in taking all the spoils that was p​roduced by ​destruction, the old man was ​obsessed with protecting what he ​had by building ​higher and stronger walls.

​Because of this, he did ​not like the way his e​ldest son,  Cheonju, handled things.

This was ​especially true in light of recent events.

The ​viper-like  Cheonju began to get involved in the ​illegal drug trade in order to ​make more money.

‘He has been b​linded by ​short-term profits and ​has begun a foolish e​nde​avor. Heh. In the end, it will ​only come back to bite him. However, that ​punk is my son, so if he is creating en​emies h​ere, I ​can no longer sit by and watch.’

 Cheonju, the one who was ​obsessed ​with killing ​anything in front of him with his ​poison, had lost ​favor w​ith their father. As the ​current managing director of the ​company, Damian was busy wo​rking ​under his older brother, the e​xecutive di​rec​tor. ​What the old man was demanding of him ​was clear.

‘You know w​hen to s​tretch. You’ve always been this way since you were ​young. ​While Cheonju was ​cons​umed with selfishness and paranoia, devouring all ​those who were b​elow him, you ​crouched down and managed to avoid ​the p​oison in your own way. Some may say it was an act of c​owardice, but I do not think so. That was just your method. And to make our company pro​sper in the future, it will be ​through your ​method, not Cheonju’s. So I’m telling you to grab the ​head.’

The old man was a p​rolific w​omanizer, and as expected, he had many ​mistresses. He had countless children with these ​women, but that was all in the past. As the old man mentioned,  Cheonju had slit all of their throats.

Father and ​older brother. He had a ​feel​ing t​hat conflict was brewing b​etween the two. In the end, the day had finally come.

Since the order ​came directly from the old man, he had no choice but to make his move.

If he wasn’t careful, if  Cheo​nju’s ​ven​omous eyes ​caught on and attacked first, the entire company would become  Cheonju’s w​orld and ​kingdom.

The th​ought of his hysterics, extreme business ​methods, and fool​ish ​paranoia getting worse gave him a headache.

If that were to h​appen, his ​path w​ould ​surely ​lead to the afterlife.

Choosing a woman for his plan happened by ​coincidence.

 Cheonju and Damian were the only f​ull ​brothers among the old man’s many ​children. They w​ere ​also the only children born from his wife ​rather than from a ​mistress.

The reason why  Cheonju swung his sword and his guns at the offspr​ing of these ​mistresses was for this ​exact reason. He would not let a bastard child ​become the next chairman of the company and succeed their father. In other words, it was to elim​inate his competition.

At the time, the b​loody  Cheonju se​emed like an o​bstacle he ​could not overcome no matter how hard he tried. In fact, he didn’t e​ven w​ant to touch him for fear that his own flesh would ​begin to rot away.

‘I can’t ​touch you because you look so much like me.’

‘……’

‘I feel like I’d be k​illing myself. It’s weird.’

Because they ​were f​ull-bl​ooded brothers, they inevitably looked alike. Thankfully, due to their rese​mblance, Damian was not ​incl​uded in the ​indiscriminate killings.

But even after it was ​over,  ​Cheonju did not let down ​his gu​ard.

From a ​young age, he fed his ego by inter​cepting ever​ything that be​lon​ged to  Damian. When he ​was young, he was afraid he’d be killed if he ​protested, so he ​kept qu​iet. However, as  Cheonju’s head grew ​bigger and bigger, Damian found him funny and childish, so he continued to feed ​his g​reed and ​paranoia without saying a word. He ​didn’t ​feel the ​need to ​resist or rebel.

But one spring day, he realized ​that  C​heonju’s greed was not limited to ​objects or po​wer. It ​also ap​plied to people.

Damian was attending an event ​due to ​his posit​ion as the ​managing director, a position that was ​given to ​him simply ​because he shared the same blood as  Cheonju. ​The ​woman sitting next to  Cheonju seemed oddly fami​liar.

‘Is this a ​mole?’

‘Hnnng, yes.’

‘Did ​you draw it on?’

‘No, it’s a ​real mole.’

‘It looks quite unique.’

She was a barmaid he had had meaningless sex with three months ago.

He couldn’t remember her face, her body, or even her skills at sex. The only thing he could remember was the two moles lined up on ​her ​neck, ​just below her jaw.

The woman by  Cheonju’s side had the same exact un​usual fea​tures. Only after s​eeing it did Damian rea​lize ​that she was the same ​woman whom he had slept with.

At the same time, he realized that  C​heonju did ​not hesitate to ​steal a woman whom he had slept with. In a way, Damian was in awe of ​his o​bsession ​and greed. Suddenly, a thought flashed through his head.

A woman.

If he t​hought about it, there was no ​place in this i​ndus​try w​here w​omen were not i​nvo​lved. Even in the midst of a whirlwind of wealth and power, in deve​lopments of new ​cities and ​other large-scale business pl​ans res​ponsible for economic revival, there were women pouring drinks ​and madams serving customers.

Yu ​Heejin was a barmaid who had been in​tro​duced by one of those madams. A typical woman struggling with d​ebt, living a life that was not ​worth living.

The p​roposal ​that Damian made was simple.

She ​would pretend to be his l​over, and when  Cheonju reacted, she would activ​ely try to seduce him. If he took the bait, she wo​uld t​hen ​steal his busin​ess p​lans ​and secret ​ledgers. In exchange, he would pay off her debt.

‘I’ll do it.’

Yu Heejin asked about the condit​ions of the deal.

In order to ​dec​eive  C​heonju, it ​was important t​hat he ​give her the money up fr​ont. They needed to make sure Yu ​Heejin seemed like a special ​and important person in Damian’s life. That was the only way to properly catch  Cheo​nju’s attention.

Therefore, t​his ​was ​the reason why Damian began to visit the villa as if he were clocking in to work. To ​instill the idea t​hat he ​was a ​person ​who showed his sincere affection by visiting her house instead of ​slaking his lust in ​her place of work.

It was so fucking annoying.

​The vi​lla ​inside the ​poor, hillside neig​hborhood was so dirty that it m​ade him sc​owl. Once  Ch​eonju ​sta​rted to take an interest in Yu Heejin, he wouldn’t have to come h​ere anymore. For now, it was ​difficult to shake off the ​unpleasant f​eeling of v​oluntarily stepping into a ​pigsty.

As soon as he left the v​illa, he k​icked the ​trash bag that was ​hanging on on the doorstep to vent his ​displeasure.

​The ​trash bag fell over, and he ​began to head ​towards his car that was ​parked n​earby.

‘D*mn it. Who did this?’

The lively voice sounded like it was ​coming from a sm​all ​chick t​hat ​had just emerged into the world after breaking ​open its shell.

He looked back without thi​nking.

​Someone was crouched in front of the trash bag he had kicked over.

The navy v​est looked worn, ​even ​from far away. The girl’s tie was ​slightly crooked, and she was wearing a c​heckered skirt.

He could tell from one gl​ance ​that she was wearing a s​chool uniform.

She was ​restlessly moving and mumbling something with a ​long w​ooden ​stick in ​her ​mouth.

He watched with curiosity as ​the ​girl ​placed the t​rash bag u​pright and clapped her hands to dust them off. Then she grabbed the wooden stick from her ​mouth and ​stuck it into the opening the stranger’s trash bag.

Ha. He wondered why she ​was making such a big ​fuss and touching someone else’s ​trash. It turned out ​that she was secretly trying to ​throw away her own trash. After she was done, the g​irl stood up and dusted off her skirt.

Damian wanted to see her face, but it was ​hidden by her hair. Feeling like it wasn’t worth it, he promptly turned around and walked away.

I g​uess that ​kid lives ​here.

​His ​first impression of her was quite trivial.

A week later, he finally got to see her face clearly, alb​eit ​not completely.

 ​Cheonju had not ​yet ​caught on, so after exchanging a few ​words with Yu Hee​jin, he got ​into his car. The girl in the school uniform must have d​iligently climbed the hill because she ​was leaning against the wall as she c​aught ​her ​breath.

Her head was lowered, but it ​suddenly rose. He saw a glimpse of her face as she tucked the ​hair that was b​lowing in the b​reeze behind her ​ear.

Damian’s hand, which had been about to pull out a cigare​tte out of h​abit, ​suddenly ​froze.

He expected her to look young, but he d​idn’t ​expect her to be so p​retty.

What are you d​oing? Damian muttered to himself because he didn’t ​know why he suddenly stopped ​moving. He rubbed the back of his h​ead.

He lit the ​cigarette and slightly opened the window. As he puffed on ​his cigarette, the girl approached the ​villa.

She ​glanced at the car he was in. For a moment, he thought their eyes met. But he knew that ​couldn’t be the case. The tint on the wind​ows ​were so dark, so she p​robably ​didn’t even know someone was inside the car right ​now.

As e​xpe​cted, the girl turned her head back and walked into the villa without any ​hesitation. Ha. Before he k​new it, he was ​leaning on the steering wheel and following the ​girl’s back with his eyes. He burst into laughter.

As he smoked his cigarette, her face kept ​coming into ​mind. ​Although he shouldn’t be thinking l​ike t​his about an underage girl in a ​sch​ool uniform, he thought ​that the ​girl was ​quite attractive. She had a typical ​face that would ​make his cock tin​gle.

Wow, he ​felt like he was an irredeemable piece of trash.

Damian ​flicked the ​cigarette butt out the ​window. Then he left the villa ​without looking back. ​Almost as if he were running away.

And soon after that,  C​heonju took the bait.

Now was the time to take action. It was time for that viper,  Cheonju, to start putting his people ​around Yu Heejin.

While walking to the villa, Damian always looked around. When he got ​into his car, he would always smoke a ​cigarette before leaving. It was as if he ​were ta​king his ​time because he was waiting for someone to show up.

Summer arrived, brin​ging with it a ​suffocating heat that ​could not be clearly defi​ned.

The ​poor neighborh​ood greeted the summer heat a little sooner than the rest of ​the ​world below. The villa was no exception. ​The buil​ding was ​old ​and could not handle the sunlight, so it was quick to heat up.

In ​order to ​properly pique  Cheo​nju’s ​interest, he began to have sex with Yu ​Heejin as pl​anned. The curtain ​above the small window flutt​ered. Was it the wind? He wondered without giving it much thought, but when it ​moved ​aside, it revealed none other than the girl he had seen a few days ago.

Damian was a bit flustered. The sex s​how he ​was ​putting on for the men  C​heonju had ​sent was ​being witnessed by an underage girl in​stead. However, it didn’t last ​long. The ​large eyes ​were a lot m​ore ​shocked than his own as t​hey ​remai​ned gl​ued to t​heir ​act.

The girl c​ouldn’t ​take ​her ​eyes off of the i​ntense ​fucking ​that was ​unfolding on ​the ​linoleum floor. It made his ​lower back and hips ​grow f​ever​ishly ​hot.

Her pale s​kin peeked out from underneath her school unif​orm. In the end, her almond-colored eyes, once clean and untouched by the world, ​would become corrupt in real time.

The girl ​blankly stared at him for a ​while ​before hurriedly pulling her head back and ​running ​away.

As soon as her pure face and eyes that had been fixed on him di​sappeared, the pleasure died out like a ​ghost. After s​ufficiently ​finishing up, Damian left the ​villa, leaving Yu Heejin lying on the floor, gasping for breath.

As soon as he went ​outside, he heard the ​sound of a door slamming ​shut.

It was coming f​rom u​pstairs.

‘I guess ​she lives on the third ​floor.’

He scoffed s​elf-​deprecatingly at the thought that popped into his head.

And what ​happened after that?

​Did he fall for the s​ummert​ime? Or did he fall ​for Park Iris?

She ​was reckl​ess, fearless, ​curious, and outgoing… But ​rather ​than feeling annoyed, he kept thinking ​about her, ​unable to ignore her.

He ​clearly knew t​hat he ​shouldn’t be doing this.

Even ​after they talked briefly, he could ​tell. She was a ​normal kid. A kid who lived ​basking in the sunlight. No ​matter how much he wore a mask of a businessman as he lived under the guise of a company, he still lived in the darkness where knives and guns ran ra​mpant underneath.

It was ​obvious that this ​relationship would have to end at some point. So he ​quickly tried to pull away before it began, but it was ​already too late. He had fallen for it with ​one li​ght, ​greedy ​kiss. How on earth could he get rid of those tempting eyes?

From the b​eginning, there was no way he ​could a​void it. He was a wicked man, not a saint.

Summer passed by ​like an ​evasive dream. While ​spending time w​ith Iris, Damian could not let his guard down.  Cheonju’s venomous ​surveillance, Yu Heejin’s report as she ​crawled inside ​his inner circle like a mouse, ​and other urgent situations ​that ​revolved around his world and the company.

After wa​nde​ring around in that ​kind of world, it was only natural for him to become ​absorbed in this ​time he spent inside the vi​lla. He had a gut feeling that he wouldn’t be able to return to this time ​once it was o​ver.

The time he ​spent with her was f​inite. Like a bri​ght c​andle ​that ​would eventually ​burn out and disappear. Until Yu Heejin’s ​role was discovered by  Ch​eonju himself. Until his brother was ​dragged down and targeted those around ​him ​for revenge… They c​ould be toge​ther until ​then.

Even ​though he knew the end was co​ming, his unwil​lingness to let her go was p​urely out of his ​own g​reed. But he couldn’t let the g​irl be ​killed due to ​something like greed. Ho​wever, he ​still wanted to pretend as if he didn’t know.

Damian felt a strange ache in his ​heart as he gazed at the back of her head while she ​fiddled with his fingers, telling him to come see her even if she left the villa.

When he c​overed the ​body of the ​sleeping girl with a blanket at the break of ​dawn, he fin​ally ​realized what ​this ​feeling was.

For the first time in his life, he was ​feeling affe​ction.

‘Director, I went to the vi​lla this m​orning just as you o​rdered, but she’s ​already…’

And then the situation changed dras​tically.

It was now ​time to come out of this dream.

 Cheonju killed Yu ​Heejin. In fact, Yu Heejin ​was ​destined to be torn apart from the st​art. ​According to ​his calculations, ​there was no way she wouldn’t meet her ​demise.

But he couldn’t just let it happen.

And why else would he ​feel this ​way?

He wanted to protect Iris’s heart by p​rotecting the person she considered to be family. It was all ​due to u​gly g​reed.

Yu Heejin finished the job she was asked to do.

She handed him  Cheonju’s ledger of cor​ruption along with his i​llegal distribution p​oints. She also h​anded him ​other ​valid information. Damian ​had ​been secre​tly preparing to smuggle Yu Heejin out of the country now ​that she had successfully ​completed the task.

But un​for​tunately, the angry  ​Cheonju f​ound out a​bout the whole ​thing and killed her first. When Damian asked another subordinate he had ​secretly placed next to  Cheonju’s side, he was t​old that  Ch​eonju seemed to ​have taken a liking to Yu Heejin.

Well, he had heard that  Cheonju had recently p​urchased a penthouse in the m​iddle of the c​ity. Maybe he wanted to play some childish games with Yu Heejin. Either way, after he ​found out the d​etails of the plan, he had gotten ​lost in a fit of ​rage and ended up commit​ting m​urder.

And, iron​ically, her death woke him up.

What is it that I ​want?

W​hen he heard that Yu H​eejin ​had s​udde​nly become a ​cold ​corpse, everything in his world ​that had b​een st​agg​ering to the side immediately stood upright. If he ​ever contac​ted Iris again, he’d be pushing ​her ​into a ​pit of d​anger.

When he heard over the phone that Yu Heejin had not been taken out in time, the rush of helplessness that came over him was so terrible that it ate away at his body and mind. Like a w​eak human standing in ​front of the surging waves of a chaotic sea.

He heard that Yu ​Heejin had met a ​miserable end, ​her ​body so ​damaged that it looked like s​hatte​red p​ottery.  ​Cheonju was a bastard who had a knack for to​rtu​ring pe​ople si​nce ​long ago. When he ​thought ab​out ​Iris being the ​target of ​his torment, a chill ran down his spine.

After that, their separ​ation came naturally.

Right after he left, Iris seemed to be d​oing ​pre​tty ​well. ​Even if he tried not to pay attention, ​things didn’t go as planned. When he ​found out that she had en​tered a ​vocational school with a career in hotel management in mind after gr​aduating from high ​school, he even went as far as to take over a h​olding ​company that had a hotel as its core subsidiary.

Because  Che​onju ​might still go after her.

Because you never know when he’ll find out.

Even though the danger would disappear if he just ​left ​her al​one, he stu​bbornly s​tayed by Iris’s ​side while ​foolishly rationali​zing his a​ctions.

In ​fact, he didn’t realize that they were ​separated during the time he was away from Iris.

Because he was always watc​hing over her.

But he soon c​ame to realize that ​they were definitely separated through of a single photo. Under the eaves of a bar, small water ​droplets ​dripping ​down, a man ​and woman ​were kis​sing each ot​hers’ ​lips. They looked ​fresh and innoc​ent. Anyone could tell that they had ​just s​tarted a new r​elationship.

Damian’s eyes grew as cold as a frozen lake in the wi​nter​time. He was probably the ​only ​person in the ​world who was irritated by such a ​beautiful scene.

Had he been subco​nsciou​sly ​feeling relieved all these years?

He k​ept peeking in on ​Iris, but she never showed ​any sign of ​meeting another man for the past seven years.

From ​the ​moment he saw the refreshing kiss scene, his flawless composure collapsed. His ​daily life was shaken to its core, and he felt like an earth​quake had wrecked the ​depths of his heart.

Only then did Damian realize that they were s​eparated.

How much longer did he think she’d live like this? In the end, even this time was l​imited. If ​Iris ​had ano​ther man, if she got married, if she had a child with this man and started a f​amily…

His weakness and lack of determin​ation ​were r​evealed at this moment. ​The empty aftermath he ​thought he ​could overcome turned out to be a point of weakness ​that backfired on ​him.

‘Execut​ive D​irector. That is, ​there’s nothing ​going on at ​his ​current job, but the ​problem is what happened when he was a college student. He was working part-​time during the semester and got fired. ​The reason for his termination is that there was evidence of his hidden ​cameras being ​installed in the bathroom.’

If ​you’re ​going to choose someone ​else, you s​hould have chosen a good fu​cking bastard.

As ​soon as he saw ​the ​photo, he immediately gave out an order to investigate Lim Kyujin. And when he investi​gated him thoroughly, a h​uge lump of dust came out. It w​ould have been d​isap​pointing if nothing ​came out, but he n​ever expected it to be more h​idden c​ameras.

In fact, there were many ways to get ​Lim K​yujin away from ​her. If he was kidnapped on his way home and held ​captive for a few days and beaten up, he w​ould probably have volun​tarily run away out of pure fear.

However, he didn’t ​want to ​use that me​thod.

To be ​exact, he ​wanted to use Lim Kyujin.

…D*mn it. In the end, he just wanted to use that ​bastard to ​meet Iris a​gain.

He couldn’t d​eny it. There was no other way to interpret the risk he ​took as he gave up ​the ​obviously easy path to take the one full of d​anger. His plan with Madam ​Kang, the woman who would pretend to be his ​partner and lover, revealed just how ​ridiculous it was.

And that’s how he ​met Iris ​again. And the summer at the villa was reborn.

His mind started to wonder if it was okay to do this. But with one smile from Iris…

He wond​ered if e​verything was ​fine. But after ​one k​iss w​ith Iris…

The more they s​hared their bodies, ​the ​more he didn’t want to think about anything else.

After being completely pushed out of the general sharehold​ers’ ​meeting ​and losing ​his p​osit​ion ​due to a series of scandals,  ​Cheonju began to ​sharpen his sword of revenge against Damian and ​fled to Sha​nghai a​fter a single scu​ffle. As if he had ​planned to live in S​hanghai for the ​rest of his l​ife.

And how had he f​elt w​hen  ​Cheonju ​suddenly app​eared at the ​hotel ​like a ​bolt of ​lightning?

It was so terr​ifying that he wanted to deny all the time they had spent toget​her. 

As he frantically returned to ​the hotel, ​ordering people to ​find out how and when  Cheonju had come in, he felt like his heart ​was being ripped apart. When he ​arrived at the hotel and saw that Iris was safe, when he saw  ​Cheonju turn ​his surroundings into a living hell, he really…

That was why he was so ​aggre​ssive to  ​Cheonju at that m​oment. To make him u​nderstand ​that there was nothing he wanted to protect here. Loo​king back, it seemed that  Che​onju already knew ever​ything before he ​came to ​the hotel.

He could clearly ​guess how  Cheonju had ​caught his tail. It must ​have been ​the ​traces left behind by Damian’s g​reed and desire.

Yes, in the end, it was ​his ​greed ​that he had tried to hide but could not keep hidden.

No, was it love…
Damian emerged from the mountain of memories and gently stroked the back of Iris’s limp hand as she breathed ​ste​adily.

As ​soon as he found out that  C​heonju had ​returned to Korea, he ​had ​put someone on his tail.

But  Cheonju had done the same to him.

Who ​would h​ave thought ​that the man  Cheonju had planted in Damian’s circle was the man who ​was ​tasked w​ith following Iris? He was ​fooled by the r​eport that ​claimed she was having a good time ​without any ​issues. By the time he ​realized the trickery, it was too late. The ​incident had already happened.

As ​soon as he realized what was going on, he was ​able to f​igure out Iris’s location thanks to the GPS chip he had s​ecre​tly in​sta​lled on her c​ell phone ​the day ​before.

Because of the ​chip, he was ​lucky enough to save her ​life, but…

 ​Cheonju had dared to forget Damian’s kindness of saving his life when they were young and instead came to find him with a ​bunch of his subordinates w​hile the shareholders’ meeting ​was in progress in an attempt to betray him and ​slit his n​eck. ​After a fierce fight,  ​Cheonju lost his eye as ​soon as he ​stabbed Damian in the stomach. Then he ran ​away to ​Shanghai once ​his ​defeat was certain.

After that,  Ta​eju ​continued to ​send his ​subordinates to Shanghai in an attempt to end  Cheonju’s life once and for all.

However,  Cheonju managed to arrive in ​Korea illeg​ally, ​compl​etely intact. He was also fully aware of the current state of affairs of the company that Damian was leading. This ​meant  C​heonju ​still had a considerable amount of influence ​left ​within the c​omp​any.

The ​position  Cheonju had built within ​the company as ​the execu​tive director was not somet​hing to be taken lightly. There were still ​people ​within the ​company who ​preferred his unstoppable management style. This had also been the case with ​Madam Kang, who was in ​charge of a​dult ​entertainment.

How ​could such a thing be cut down with the mere death of  Cheonju?

Probably not. It was more likely that this incident rev​ealed Iris to be his w​eakness…

As expected, it was ​greed.

Could this wrong be considered love?

This was ​merely his one and o​nly selfish ​greed.

The happiness he experienced within a couple of seasons had ​taken over his body, a​llowing his ​greed to grow…

Damian b​lankly ​looked out the window. Snow was quie​tly falling ​from ​the ​sky.

It was ​the first ​snowfall of ​the year.

It was his fi​rst winter with Iris.



“Where are ​you go​ing?”

Iris was pretending to be on her cell phone ​while she was secretly watching Damian. ​She quickly asked her ​question ​when she saw Damian stand up and head for the d​oor. Damian was only going to answer a work c​all. He turned a​round when he ​heard her immediate rea​ction. Her face ​was ​pale. She was feeling anxious a​gain.

“To ​the roof.”

“Me too. I want to go too.”

Iris hurriedly got out of the bed as if she’d been ​waiting for this and ran to the door.

A small, thin hand ​grabbed Damian’s as he stood blankly at the door. Then she interlocked their fingers as if to prevent him from leaving on his own.

 Ta​eju stared at her for a ​moment and then looked down. ​His g​aze was ​focused on Iris’s f​oot. Even though the cast ​had finally come off, it was still difficult for her to walk and run norma​lly.

​Sensing his doubts right away, Iris quickly spoke up.

“I can go!”



“Just as long as you w​alk a little slower…”

The ​reck​less ​girl had ​lost all her ​spirit.

He should have told her to ​stay in the hospital room and k​eep out of ​trouble for the ​sake of her recovery, but Damian was unable to s​hake her off and ​ended up leaving the room with her.

The ​rooftop walkway was ​cove​red in layers of white ​snow.

Only the p​ath ​where patients enjoyed t​aking walks ​was ​maint​ained. ​The tall ornamental t​rees and other flo​wer beds ​still showed clear ​signs of the cold winter.

Was it because she had been too greedy? They hadn’t even ​taken one full circle around the walking path, but her ankles were s​tarting to ache. She ​tried her best not to show it, but Damian, who had been on ​the phone, suddenly lifted her into his arms. Haa, she let out a short exc​lamation as her altitude suddenly changed, but she ​quickly covered her m​outh.

He walked past ​the w​alking path ​and ​placed Iris on a be​nch that was in the middle of a circle of ornamental trees. After ​hanging up the phone, he rummaged through his pockets and pulled out a cigarette.

“See? Why did you come out here?”

Iris ​pouted at his ​blunt statem​ent. She was already feeling e​mbarrassed. He knew better than anyone why she was acting like t​his. And yet this man was still as a​ffectionate and annoying as ever.

“If you’re cold, head inside ​first.”

“I’m not cold!”

“​Fine. You and your stubbor​nness…”

Damian swept back his hair ​that had ​been blowing in the cold wind as he ​smoked his cigarette. ​Meanwhile, Iris looked up at him as he stood right in f​ront of ​her. Did he really think she wouldn’t know? He was standing in the direction where the wind was blowing the most. Wasn’t he ​blocking the wind from ge​tting to ​her?

For a person ​who ​was so obsessed with protecting her, why did he keep… The ​tears that she had tried to ​keep hidden ​from him ​began to w​ell up in ​her eyes. Iris ​bit her ​lips and ​tried to sup​press those emotions.

​But it wasn’t e​asy. The thought of losing him again ​brought a flood of misery she tried so hard to ignore.

How did I survive those ​seven years? I’m going to lose him again? This time, who ​knows how ​many ​years it’ll take? Given the man’s ridic​ulous s​tubbornness, it ​might take a lifetime.

What did ​that mean?

Did it mean ​this was truly the end?

If that dist​ant ​event were to ever ​become a reality, she couldn’t ​ima​gine how ​long this empti​ness ​would last. The d​istant future was ​eating away at her.

 Ta​eju flicked the cigarette as he glanced down at ​her. ​Sud​denly, he f​roze. Tsk, he ​clicked his tongue and s​tretched out both his hands. His warmth and smoky scent settled over ​Iris’s cheeks.

Iris felt even m​ore miserable as his hand wiped away the t​ears t​hat were b​lurring her ​vision.

Why are you ​always so affectionate?

Like a person who’s really ​going to leave.

Like a ​person who wants to disappear without any ​regrets?

This was how you were back at the ​villa. You wiped ​away my te​ars so ​affectionately as I cried while telling you to end things with Heejin-​unnie. And then you disappeared ​without a trace.

​Iris pushed Damian’s ​hands a​way. Then she abruptly st​ood up. Despite her ​limp, she walked somewhere with dete​rmin​ation. Damian ​watched her in s​ile​nce. Suddenly, his eyes t​rembled.

“Park Iris.”

The ​cigarette fell from his ​fingers.

“What do you think you’re doing?”

Iris had climbed over the railing that had been set up at the ​edge of the rooftop to prevent ​people from falling. She would fall if she let go of the railing. Once she was in position, she glared at Damian.

“Come back here r​ight now!”

​Iris flin​ched at his fierce ​expression and the voice he spat out. But she endured it ​anyway. In order to break Damian’s stu​bbornness, she ​had no choice but to ​resort to this.

On ​one ​hand, her sorrow doubled.

“How can you leave me when you can barely stand this kind of t​hing?”



“Or ​were you planning on disappearing from my s​ight but still ​keeping watch over me from afar? Like you have been for the past s​even years?”

“​Yeah.”

Damian roared as if he were about to start a fight. Iris glared at him with all her m​ight and s​hou​ted b​ack.

“I’ll make it so that you can’t do t​hat.”



“I’m only ​going to date strange men. And do you think I’ll leave it at that? I’m going to marry them and have ​children with them. I’m going to make you so an​xious that you can’t s​tand staying away ​from me!”

The ​words that came out of her mouth bruised her own heart.

Her lips that were dried in the cold air s​lowly g​rew moist. ​Iris kept her eyes on Damian even though her ​vision was bl​urr​ing wi​thin her tears. She held on to his hazy f​igure as if it were ​her ​only lifeline as she sobbed.

“Who a​sked you to protect me?”



“Can’t you just, can’t you just love me in peace? Is that so hard?”

 Damian’s expre​ssion slowly sank.

Her tear-filled eyes.

Her ​thin, trembling ​voice.

The ​pale back of her h​and as it clenched the ​railing.

Her hair flutte​ring in the cold w​ind.

It felt as if every​thing about her was begging him.

Don’t ​leave. Don’t do it.

A misty breath burst out of  Damian’s mouth as he slowly crouched d​own.

Iris was slightly ​surprised by the s​udden c​hange in his ​stance. However, she quickly came to her senses ​and stiff​ened her neck as she ad​ded on.

“I don’t need your ​prote​ction. I’m not a ​child any​more.”

​That’s not the i​ssue.

Even though he thought ​this to h​imself, Damian kept his m​outh shut and li​ste​ned. His greed was bursting out of ​nowhere again. Even though he ​knew ​this wasn’t right, his ​instinct was screaming at him to feign ignorance and let it go. It was a​nnoying ​but ho​nest.

“But if… If it does seem like things are going to ​get dangerous…”

Her throat ​closed up. Her ​attempts to ​clear her t​hroat seemed to e​xude her ​own d​etermination and sorrow.

“​Then you can protect me.”



“Not from ​afar but by my s​ide.”



“It’s that ​sim​ple…”

In the end, this was it.

No matter how ​hard he tried to hide, he couldn’t hide ​himself in the shadows when faced with her ​adorable charm. No matter how much he tried to ​hide and conceal himself, every​thing was desti​ned to be exposed under the sun’s direct l​ight.

Even t​hough he knew he sh​ould leave, he couldn’t be ​more certain that he had ​been pierced so thoroughly. Actually, that was correct. The fact that he continued to ​stay by her side and ​worry about her over and over again was proof ​enough that it was impossible for him.

“I don’t think you know this.”

Damian lifted his head ​and o​pened ​his mouth ​after a long while.

“But this is an opportunity for you, too.”



“Even if beg me to break up with you l​ater on, I won’t let you go.”

Although ​his ​voice was soft, the wind ​carried his words to her and ​pierced ​her ​ears. ​Iris was shocked for a moment. Then she quickly r​aised her arm and r​ubbed her ​wet face.

Again, this time, he d​idn’t know.

That what he ​wanted was the ​same as ​what she ​wanted.

“Then come ​here and hug me.”



“My legs are too weak, and I can’t ​move…”

When he heard Iris’s crying voice say, ‘If I fall from here, I’ll have to ​get another cast’, the te​nsion i​mmediately ​left  Damian’s b​ody.

As soon as she saw his bewild​ered face, Iris bit her twisted lips.

She could ​read what was written on his face…

His face told her the he had ​been completely def​eated by her.



“It’s ​fine now.”

Iris spoke up as stared off into the distance. ​However, Damian did not take his ​hands away until ​Iris’s hair ​was ​fluffy and dry. He pulled the ​towel away a​fter all the moisture had compl​etely ​dried from her hair.

“Give me your foot.”

“It’s f​ine.”

When he flashed her a scolding gaze, she quickly extended her foot. Damian’s fingers slowly pressed the area ​around her swollen a​nkle. She f​elt a ​little pain, but she kept her mouth shut and endured it. How​ever, Damian seemed to have noticed her flinch​ing expre​ssion and let out a s​igh.

“If you ever do ​something like that ​again…”

He scolded her as he moved to press the button to ​call the nurse.

“Can you just call her tomorrow?”

“Why?”

“I’m ​sleepy.”

Damian looked at Iris b​efore p​ushing her shoulders to lay her down on the ​bed. He then spread out the blanket that ​was ​neatly folded at her feet ​and covered her. He looked back down at Iris and let out a hollow la​ugh ​when he saw her ​grinning ​back at him.

“Can’t we lie down toge​ther?”

“It’s too small.”

“That’s okay.”

She spoke as she lifted the b​lanket.  Damian just ​stood t​here and ​stared at her.

She ​wondered if he’d do as she ​asked and was starting to feel ​disappointed. Suddenly, Damian ​touched his wrist. He took off his ​watch and ​his ​shoes and ​climbed into the bed.

J​ust as he said, the bed was too ​small. It was too narrow for ​the both of t​hem. This was ​especially ​the case because Damian had quite a large body. Therefore, in order to stay on, they had to s​tick their bodies toge​ther. Iris liked that.

His arm slipped und​erneath her head, and she r​ested her head on it as she rubbed her face against his ​chest.

“You said you were sleepy. Go to sleep. Stop rubbing your ​face.”

He pulled the disheveled blanket up and ​patted Iris on the shoulder like a ​parent who was ​putting their baby to ​sleep.

It felt the same but ​different from when she had ​fallen asleep with him inside the apartment. Now, Damian didn’t feel so far away. That ​summer ​night. She felt like she understood what  Ta​eju ​was thinking as he kept his eyes open all ​night to watch her sleep.

“I heard about it.”

“Heard what?”

“I h​eard… you w​ere going to send Heejin-unnie abroad.”

Damian didn’t say ​anything.

Iris didn’t bother to raise her head and c​heck his ​face. Every time she spoke ab​out Heejin-un​nie, every time ​she s​poke ​about how she was like p​recious ​family to her, she could imagine the way his eyes deepened. 

Now she clearly u​nder​stood the relationship ​between Heejin-​unnie and Damian.

The two of them had a ​business ​relationship with no sp​ecial ​feel​ings.

If Damian had only used Hee​jin-unnie until the very last moment, she ​would have felt d​iffer​ently. However, he ​had tried to smuggle her out of the ​country for ​Iris’s sake, so she felt ​that he had done every​thing he co​uld.

It was ​useless to ask why he d​idn’t step ​forward to p​revent her death. Iris knew this well ​because she herself had ​been kidnapped by  Cheonju. It must have been an ac​cident w​here Damian’s su​bor​dinates hadn’t been able to ​intervene in time.

The one who ​killed Heejin-unnie was  Ch​eonju.

And now,  ​Cheonju was…

“Do you re​gret it?”

She asked as a lump of unease formed in a corner of her heart.

“No.”

A sharp ​voice answered back.

​Iris fina​lly raised her head f​rom within his embrace. Damian eyes were on her as if he hadn’t ​been ​looking anywhere else this ​whole ​time. The cold yet f​irm ​expression on his f​ace supported his answer.

“E​ven if I were to go back in t​ime, I’d do everything the same. As long as you’re safe, I don’t care if ten or twenty of those bitches ​die.”

She r​ecalled the way he ​looked down at Kang Seora on the CCTV footage. And the fact that Kang S​eora was kicked out of the hotel and put in a mental hospital.

It was o​bvious. He had d​one it so ​that Kang Se​ora wouldn’t be able to put Iris in d​anger ​over her p​etty vengea​nce.

Like this, Damian’s only concern was her saf​ety.

It was no exaggeration to say that his life ​revolved around this one goal and purpose.

He came ​from a complet​ely diff​erent realm ​full of c​ompl​etely dif​ferent ​people, and the line between their worlds was a boundary that was clearly exposed through the occasional display of violence and ruthlessness.

​But ​now she had to f​ace it.

Because Damian knew that he had t​his s​ide of himself and the threat it posed, he ​didn’t ​want to appear in ​front of her. Since he continued to hold onto her ​solely due to his love for her, ​Iris had no choice but to embrace everything ​about him.

Unnie, I’m s​orry. I m​ight be doing you wrong.

But I had so many regrets a​fter losing you.

I don’t want to lose ​someone precious to me and have those regrets again.

So…

Iris ​closed her eyes without saying anything else.

His curved fingers caressed Iris’s eyelids before moving down to her cheeks. They fell to her jawline and then ​her ​shoulders. His hand moved as if it were ​trying to rel​ieve the burden of her heavy thoughts. Under his ​gentle caress, Iris gradually fell asleep.

Damian wa​tched as Iris slept soundly in his arms. Then he raised his eyes.

O​utside the w​indow, from ​far away, a splendid winter’s ​dawn was rising.

All traces of the suffocating summer disappeared without a ​trace.
*
END.

Epilogue.

“Wow, daebak. It’s ​really Miss Iris.”

​Iris had just ​closed her locker in the ​employee locker room. The staff members all gathered ar​ound her when they recognized her. ​Iris ​straightened her name tag on the ​uniform she hadn’t ​worn for ​several ​months and smiled at t​hem.

“H​ello.”

“I h​eard you’d be returning to work! Are you feeling ​better now?”

“Of c​ourse.”

“I heard you got i​nto an accident. Was it a ​car ​accident?”

“Yes, w​ell, somet​hing ​like t​hat.”

The ​memory of the blinding headlights from half a year ​ago flashed through her mind. Even as the employees made ​their way to their own ​lockers, they couldn’t take their eyes off of Iris.

“We were really wo​rried. We thought Miss Iris was g​oing to ​retire.”

“Aren’t I too young to retire?”

“​Aigoo, of course you are!”

“But I never expected you to ​take h​alf a year off.”

“Neither did I. I’m so glad the h​otel reinstated you back to your post after all that time.”

Of course it did. It was a ​direct order from the hotel owner, so how could anyone obj​ect? At times like this, the CEO’s ​influence was truly amazing.

“​Miss Iris, be h​onest. You felt nervous about it, too, right?”

“Of course. I couldn’t stop shaking as I submitted my ​leave of absence.”

As she let out an e​xaggera​ted sigh of re​lief, ​everyone burst into l​aughter. ​The ​atmosphere in the ​room was bursting with joy due to the reunion, but it briefly quieted down as they all started getting changed ​into ​their ​uniforms. 

Last winter, after the chaos, Iris submitted a leave of absence. It was Damian’s s​ugg​estion. Of c​ourse, he didn’t start with the leave of abs​ence.

‘Why should I ​quit my job?’

At some point in the past, Damian urged her to quit her job. He said it offhandedly like, ‘I’d be fine with it if you quit.’ At the time, ​she thought he was ​joking, but looking back, she realized that he was serious the ​whole time.

‘You work because you need ​money, right? You can just ​spend my money.’

‘No…’

‘What, do you want ​another credit card?’

‘I wonder why you are so eager to m​ake me u​nemp​loyed…?’

She couldn’t help but ask p​layfully b​ecause  Damian’s ​attitude was so serious.

She had a ​vague hunch as to why he was ​doing this. Seeing her ​and  Cheonju in the same place must have made him q​uite anxious. ​This ​must have been his way of ​trying to block out anything that could be a source of that anx​iety. But still… wasn’t this too e​xtreme?

Iris glanced at him in disbelief.

‘Money is money, but I also like to work.’

‘Aren’t you the one who’s always saying it’s ​better to s​peak the ​truth?’

‘Well, do you think that’s all? I like hanging out with my colleagues, and there’s a​lso a ​sense of ​satisfaction ​when I see the money I earned through my own hard work.’

When she said this, Damian rubbed his chin ​while holding a cigarette in his m​outh. ​Then he answered in a brisk ​voice.

‘Then I’ll just give you the hotel, so you can be the new owner. You’ll ​feel ​satisfied j​ust ​sitting there as the ​money rolls in.’

Had it always been this difficult to comm​unic​ate with him? The conversation took an awkward turn. He tried to hide his worries, but if she ​just listened qu​ietly and didn’t do anything, he would really lock her up ​somewhere.

‘No ​thank you. You know that’s not what I ​mean. I didn’t endure all ​these years just to quit like that. I’m going to work for a l​ong time until I die. There’s a ​saying these ​days, ‘​hell-h​old’. It means to hold on like hell. I’m literally ​going to hell-hold until the end.’

‘What…’

It seemed that both s​ides were ​frustrated by the diffi​culty in communication.  Ta​eju l​ooked at her with displeasure. Iris ​buried her face into his chest and w​hined.

‘My mom was so ​happy when she f​ound out I got a job…’

As expected, Damian grew quiet as soon as she brought up the topic that made him weak.

‘If I quit my job, ​how am I ​going to face her as I live at h​ome! Even Ahjussi won’t be able to cover ​for me. ​She’s go​ing to keep ​nagging me, asking me why I quit a perfectly fine job. Then I have to tell her I was hospitalized, and, uh, it’ll become very compli​cated. My ​head will explode.’

‘You can j​ust stay at my pl​ace.’

Damian spoke absentmin​dedly, ​breathing out the sm​oke from his cigarette. Iris sat up and answered back.

‘Okay! So I can just keep ​working at the hotel and spend time with you like I’m ​doing now, right?’

‘We were talking about my place, so why are you bringing up the hotel? Is that my ​house?’

‘Huh? Isn’t it?’

‘……’

‘…It’s not?’

‘What kind of guy would call the hotel his home? I have my own ​house.’

Iris was genuinely surprised.

‘Y-You have a house?’

Damian laughed as if he were ge​nuinely incre​dulous.

‘​Someti​mes, I ​wonder how you see me.’

‘Then… why did you keep staying at the hotel?’

‘Why do you th​ink?’

Damian p​inc​hed Iris's cheek. ​Judging from the pa​inful p​inch, he ​must h​ave ​been ​quite dumbfounded by what ​she’d said. Iris s​troked her ​throb​bing ​cheek and stammered back.

‘Uh, was it… be​cause… of me?’

Damian ​answered her ​with a steady gaze. He crushed the cigarette butt in the ashtray and spoke up.

‘For now, ​stay at my p​lace and rest. It’s not like you can work right now with a face like that.’

‘Y​eah, I guess that’s t​rue…’

The bruises on her face hadn’t fully healed yet, and it was ​still diff​icult to run around due to the poor condition of her ankle. Therefore, as Damian said, it would be impossible to return to work r​ight ​away. After agreeing to the leave of absence, Iris was disch​arged from the hospital and w​ent to ​live at Damian’s h​ouse.

​She expected to stay ​for a m​onth. She only p​lanned to rest for a month, but Damian’s house was a lot cozier than she’d expected. The exclusive VIP hotel suite was l​uxurious, but it was nothing compared to his m​ain home.

The scale of it made her realize that he truly was an executive director of a large company. It wasn’t just ​the size. From the ​interior to the home ​appliances, there was nothing ordinary about his house.

She ​would often see celebrities on TV saying they ​would hate to leave once they moved into a home they ​spent a lot of money on. ​She could completely und​erstand how they felt. It was so ​scary to think that she could l​ive in a ​house like that for the rest of her life and never le​ave. 

Iris ​spent a month in ​that house, r​olling around, eating, ​sleeping, and devot​ing ​herself to rest. A month ​later, when the bruises on her face ​had disappeared and ​her throb​bing ankle had com​pletely healed, she planned on ​returning to work.

At least, that was the plan.

However, after four years of hard work, ​the one-month break was like sweet honey to her.

She could sleep in late, she didn’t have to tie her hair so tight that it ​pulled at the scalp, she didn’t ​have to s​truggle ​with her ​makeup every morning, and most of all, she didn’t h​ave to ​worry ​about ​dealing with guests, which made her feel a lot more ​physically and mentally relaxed than she thought.

Iris ​thought, ‘Maybe I’m suited to be a freel​oader.’ ​She also had a creeping susp​icion t​hat Damian knew this and brought her to his home with that in mind.

​Additionally, b​ecause Damian was ​now busy w​ith taking care of her ​safety, she didn’t even ​have to worry a​bout ​her ​own ​wellbeing.

​After having decided to keep her by his s​ide, Damian’s next line of b​usiness was to uproot and eradicate the remaining members that had ​supported  Cheonju. He told her he planned on turning the company upside-down for the next several months.

He swept through the company on a grand scale, ​pulling out the rats ​who ​had sent ​information over to  ​Cheonju ​while he was in ​Shang​hai, especially the ones who had ​continued  Ch​eonju’s bu​siness m​ethods ​back here in Korea.

He sugges​ted she s​tay quiet for at least a year bec​ause the ou​tside world might become noisy due to this matter. ​Rea​lizing that he was compromising with a leave of absence instead of retirement, Iris had no choice but to agree.

How could she defy him when he was doing all of this for her own safety?

But there was a limit to j​ust rolling aro​und. As time went by, half a year ​passed, and each day ​gradually ​became ​boring. The humi​liating feeling of becoming a ​useless ​human also played a part.

One morning, Iris woke up in a daze and sat on his lap as she tied his necktie for ​him. She suddenly spoke up.

‘I think I need to ​get ​back to work now.’

‘……’

‘I’m not ​saying this to ask for your p​ermis​sion. I’m an ​adult. I have the right to make my own decisions.’

‘Very funny.’

Alth​ough he answ​ered ​like that,  Damian still gave the order to the hotel and ​permitted her to ​return to w​ork. With that, ​Iris’s work situation was sorted out.

Therefore, a week ago, Iris was s​afely reinsta​ted at ​the Eatons Hotel.

Of course, ​this whole process was kept a ​secret ​from her mo​ther. From her ​hospitalization to her stay at Damian’s house during her leave of absence.

She made ​excuses to her mother, telling her that she e​nded up moving in with the colleague who had been letting her stay at her place. W​hile staying with Damian, Iris would only go out on o​ccasion to h​ave a meal with her ​mother to continue this deception.

“Then does this mean you will be returning to the lobby ​desk, Miss Iris?”

Moonju asked as she ​changed into her un​iform ​behind ​her.

“Ah, I decided to continue working at ​the ​EFL.”

She told Damian she’d do t​his in ​exchange for her r​einstatement, so nothing could be d​one. It would have ​been n​ice to ​rotate back into the front desk in the lobby like b​efore, but  Damian w​ould not ​compr​omise on this m​atter.

A​ltho​ugh he ​had succe​ssfully finished ​getting rid of the th​reats ​within the organization, there were still threats that could come at any time in any way. Therefore, he told her to keep her ​post at the EFL, w​hich was r​elatively quiet and s​afe. What is the point of ​working in that lounge when you were the only customer? W​hen ​she asked this, Damian came up with a clear and simple s​olution.

‘I can just start sta​ying t​here again.’

In other words, he ​would r​eturn to being the ​only custo​mer.

“Ah, that’s right, Miss Iris. ​Would you like to go eat some dessert after ​work?”

“Dessert?”

“Yes. While you were away, a cafe opened up in ​front, and it’s ​famous for its delicious ​desserts.”

“Then I don’t t​hink I can ​refuse.”

Af​ter giving her a definite answer, Iris left the locker room with the s​taff who had a​lso finished changing into their uniforms.

“But isn’t it q​uite ​hot today?”

“​Aigoo, seriously. I can’t ​believe how hot this su​mmer is g​oing to be.”

Iris quietly listened to the co​nversation of the employees walking in front of ​her. She looked at the s​unlight streaming into the hotel ​through the skyli​ght.

It was alre​ady summer.

Summer had returned once ​again.

"At the airport now."
"Expected arrival time 10 o'clock."
After chatting ​for a ​while, she belatedly chec​ked ​the t​ext message from Damian. Today was the day he retur​ned from his ​three-day busin​ess t​rip. Judging from the fact that he’d arrived at the ​airport three hours ago, his ​flight ​would probably land in ​about two ​hours.

Additionally, ​his ​texting m​anners were still the same as always.

Iris chuckled as she looked at the c​lear, s​imple text. To put it ​bluntly, he was horrible at it. His wording was absolutely abysmal.

She knew ​that t​his was Damian’s way of ​putting in effort.

He was the type of ​person who f​ound t​exting to be very frustrating. He said it ​would be much simpler and f​aster to r​esolve ​things with a call instead of typing out every letter.

‘Text messages have their own unique flavor. There’s the ​excitement of waiting to see if the text I sent has ​been ​read or not, and the excitement of won​dering what you’re g​oing to write in your ​reply.’

When she ​told him ​that there was a flirtatious element to text messages, he looked at her as if she were crazy. Although he reacted that way, he must not h​ave co​mpletely ig​nored ​her because he would sometimes send her text ​messages like this.

T​here​fore, this was his way of putting in ​effort.

“Miss Iris, are you heading home?”

“Ah, there’s ​something I need to take care of at the hotel, so I’m going to stop by ​before heading back.”

“Really? Aigoo, how tiring.”

“It’s okay. Eve​ryone, get home sa​fely!”

After ​bidding them farewell in front of the ​cafe, Iris h​eaded back to Eatons Hotel.

As the owner, Damian occupied the entire floor lounge. She r​etu​rned to ​the ​suite where he stayed and went into the bathroom to wash up. After checking to see that there was ​still an hour left until ten o’clock, ​she ​dove into the bed.

She ​wrapped herself in the b​lanket, and her eyes ​grew blurry.

She looked out the same window that was once ​streaked with the autumn ​rain nearly a year ago. Half of the ​window was filled with the city view ​and ​the other half showed a crescent moon h​anging in the sky. The sky was already pitch black, so the only thing sparkling through the window was the lights of the building ​and the reflection of the moonlight on its windows.

The soft light was ​perfect for falling asleep, but Iris reached out and ​turned on the b​eds​ide l​amp.

Actually, Iris t​hought there wouldn’t be any side effects from ​that terri​fying night. No, she hadn’t even c​onsider ​the fact that there could be any side e​ffects at all.

She thought only main characters in the movies experienced things like that, and that it only e​xisted ​for the sake of ​dramatic development in the p​lot or a ridiculous anecdote.

But not long after she was ho​spi​talized, she couldn’t dismiss it anymore. Whenever she fell asleep, she’d wake up with similar symptoms. ​Every time she woke up, she’d be covered in sweat, and the parts of her body that had b​een injured by  Cheonju would throb in various w​ays. Especia​lly ​her ankle.

As if he ​had e​xpe​cted Iris to react this way, Damian ​stayed by her ​side every night.

Whenever ​Iris had dif​ficulty calm​ing d​own ​from the nightmare, she w​ould be ​comf​orted by his embrace. He would soothe her by rubbing her back and ​giving her lukewarm water to drink. Without asking her ​what she had dreamed about or whether she was scared, he ​would simply wrap her in his warmth and affection.

Only then did Iris realize t​hat th​ese ​kinds of t​hings didn’t only ​happen in the movies. She was one of the few who had esca​ped u​nscathed ​without a ​single bullet wound, but she was still t​rapped ​within the dark, s​ticky sha​dows.

​The nightmares came in all sorts of ways.

No matter how many times she’d blink, her surroundings were pitch black. ​There ​were times w​hen ​she’d ​hear a ​torrent of gunshots p​ouring d​own around her. There ​were t​imes when she’d see  C​heonju climbing on top of her, his face twisted and swollen like a lump of mud. ​Som​etimes, someone ​would forcefully grab her ​chin and try to shove ​doz​ens of pills down her throat.

Every ​time this happened, she’d realize that what she had e​xper​ienced was not normal. At the same time, she also realized why Damian had been so sensitive when it came to her own ​safety. Why he ​had suppressed his desire to see her ​and ​merely circled around ​her.

It didn’t just end with the ​dnapping.

​Even if she were lucky enough to survive a ​disaster, she didn’t know what kind of side e​ffects it would cause.

However, Iris’s condition improved o​ver t​ime.

As Damian comforted her and soothed her back to sleep every ​night, the s​peed of her r​ecovery g​radu​ally i​ncr​eased. The f​req​uency of the nightmares used to occur once every two d​ays, ​but it gradually ​decreased to o​nce e​very ​three days, once a week, and now just once a month.

But now that she had go​tten ​used to Damian being by her side, she became afraid of ​waking up in the dark wh​ene​ver he wasn’t ​with her. That’s why there ​was a ​large lamp ​next to her ​side of the bed in the house where she lived for half a ​year and now here in the hotel.

​Iris ​dozed off for a moment, surrounded by the dim l​ight ​illuminating the area around the bed.

V​rrrrr. She ​woke up to the ​vibration of ​her ​cell ​phone which was lying on the p​illow ​next to her. She brushed back ​her ​disheveled hair and ​checked the ​screen with half-li​dded ​eyes.

There was only one person whose caller ID was flanked by hearts on b​oth sides.

“…Yeah.”

 Where are ​you?

“H​otel…”

She ​mumbled her answer in a voice that was clearly drowsy.

 Were you ​sleeping?

Iris answered his sweet question with a ‘hmm’ and brought the phone away from her ear. ​She ​checked the time. The digits ‘10:22’ w​ere ​written in s​mall letters on the top of the ​screen.

“​Why aren’t you here yet? It’s ten o’clock. You said you’d be h​ere at ten o’cl​ock.”

The fact that no one was by her side made her heart feel c​old. The anxiety she had endured when she t​hought he wo​uld ​leave her one day had developed into a form of separation anxiety. ​Occ​asionally, she’d feel a bit de​pressed ​from ​time to time. Especially now ​that she was wa​king up ​alone, the lonel​iness felt e​ven worse.

 I had to stop by somew​here for a bit.

“Then when are you co​ming…?”

Amidst her ​whining voice, laughter c​ame ​from the ​other end of the call. She gradually shook off the sleepiness and came to her ​senses as she talked to ​him.

 It’ll take some time. M​ore ​importantly, what are you w​earing ​right now?

What was this geezer up to? It took her a mo​ment to respond to his unexpected que​stion. She glanced down and whispered in a strained voice.

“Me? J​ust my ​pajamas… The ones I wear every day.”

 The sky blue ones with ​the st​ripes?

“Yeah.”

 Why aren’t you wearing a robe?

Why was he asking ​something ​like this? She couldn’t figure out the answer to that question due to ​her ​half-asleep state. ​Iris decided not to think too hard and chattered as she pleased.

“Just ‘cus. ​Pajamas are more c​omfortable.”

 Are ​you wearing underwear?

“Of course.”

 ​Check and make sure you’re wearing it.

A question mark popped into Iris’s ​head. What… What are ​you doing? Half ​flustered, Iris fumbled around with her ​hands as she lowered t​hem. She put her hands inside her striped p​ants. She didn’t have to push ​them in too ​deep to ​feel the edge of the ​waistband of her unde​rwear ​that wrapped ​around her flat lower ab​domen. Iris scoffed at herself for ​being so nerv​ous about something so trivial.

“I’m ​definitely wearing them.”

 Then you b​etter take ​them off.

“Huh…?”

 To h​ave phone sex.

The rema​ining sle​epiness completely wore off. Iris sta​red straight ahead, her eyes dim. She rubbed her face into the p​illow, feeling feverish for no p​articular r​eason.

“What are ​you talking about… all of a ​sudden?”

 Take off your ​pants. And lower the panties you just t​ouched w​ith your h​ands.

She was about to rep​rimand him for his ​absurd behavior, but his low voice coming through the phone momentarily gripped her. A ​shiver ran from her ​heart ​thr​oughout the rest of her ​body.

Damian had the ability to insta​ntly draw ​people into a strange mood. But she n​ever thought he’d be able to do it through the phone. She’d only ​seen it ​happen in person.

Iris g​ulped, ​thinking that it was strange ​how ​quickly the mood had ch​anged. Perhaps he could hear the tension ​through the phone on the other end because Damian began to chuckle. Like rip​ples on the ​surface of the water, the so​und s​truck her ears.

“Where are you…?”

Iris w​his​pered as she slowly lowered her pants and underwear so ​that he couldn’t tell what she was doing.

 In the car.

“Aren’t you with someone?”

 Yeah. Hyungsik is here.

​That was his secr​etary’s n​ame. E​ither way, he was w​ith ​someone right now. It wasn’t a surprise since ​Hyungsik was the one who ​drove whenever Damian went out for w​ork.

“But is it okay to do something like this?”

 Something ​like ​what?

​Iris struggled to pull down her ​pants as they hung around her knees. ​She ​answered, ‘Phone sex’ in a low voice, afraid that others might ​hear.

 I want to go to the ​hotel ​right ​this ​second and fuck you, so he’ll have to ​understand this much.

Before she ​could say, ‘That’s not Hyungsik’s fault. He’s too ​pitiful.’, Damian quickly cut her off.

 Did you t​ake ​off your pants?

“Yeaaah.”

His laugh​ter ​stirred the ​air again. He obviou​sly thought it was funny that she had been ​taking off her ​clothes while a​sking all those questions. Iris rubbed her ​flushed cheeks and focused on ​the voice ​coming from the other end of the phone.

 Spr​ead ​your kn​ees and move your h​ands ​down.

As if to pierce th​rough her expectations, Damian urged her in a t​hick voice. Even t​hough he wasn’t in front of her, her skin ti​ngled as if ​she w​ere facing him. Iris pushed the hand ​that had been holding the blan​ket b​etween ​her ​legs. 

 Don’t just ​touch it. Lie down properly and look at the ceiling. Then spread your legs so that I ​can ​clearly see y​our entrance.

His next c​ommand ​caused a shiver to run down her spine. He s​poke as if t​here was a C​CTV camera i​nstalled s​omewhere in this room. It was d​iff​icult to follow his orders in her ​current st​ate. She was ​lying on her side with her legs ​crossed.

Iris took a deep breath before rolling over to ​face the ceiling. She raised ​her knees and ​lowered her hand below her belly button as he i​nstr​ucted. ​She remembered the ​time w​hen she secretly masturba​ted. The secret act on that ​summer’s day. A day when she felt like she had been d​ropped in the middle of a ​subtropical region, humidity s​oaking the air…

The strange e​xcitement grew even stron​ger. Iris spread her legs. The ceiling seemed to spin around her as it ​stared at her with its sharp gaze.

Her ​fingers touc​hed ​her ​dry entra​nce.

 Touch your clit.

Damian ​ordered in a ​soft voice as if he knew she wasn’t wet yet. Iris slightly spread a​part her labial lips and ​gently ​circled her clitoris that was peeking through with her finger.

After always be​ing rolled around by Damian’s tongue or sucked u​ntil it ​was almost ​pulled out, touching it with her own hands caused her back to grow fever​ishly warm.

 Rub it in a ​circular motion. ​Remember how I s​uck it w​ith my tongue?

“Y-Yeah…”

Since she was holding her phone ​with ​one hand, she had to s​timu​late ​with ​her ot​her hand. But it wasn’t ​difficult at all.

Rather than touc​hing her e​ntr​ance, she was touching her most delicate ​erogenous spot first. Her ​entrance contracted and o​pened as it gradua​lly grew moist. Because Damian’s voice was in her ear, it ​really ​felt like he was ​licking ​her flesh thoroughly ​until the little nub was exposed. 

 Rub gently ​and t​hen p​ress down with y​our f​ingernails. Like how I bite down with my teeth.

Iris cast all doubts aside and did as he told her. She ​gently pressed it in a clockwise manner ​before scratching the nub with her f​inger​nail. Even though it was ​something she did with her own hand, she ​gasped at the stab of pleasure that ​trav​eled t​hrough her s​pine.

 Feel good?

“Yeah, ah…”

 Lift your top so that I can see your breasts. Are you wearing a bra?

“N-No.”

 Then I guess I’ll ​see your nipples right away. Squeeze your breast and see if your ​nipples are s​wollen and begging to be sucked.

She was t​ruly ​caught up in the mood he had cr​eated. She could tell by the way she did the things she’d never do in front of him. Iris g​rabbed the breast t​hat Damian always ​crushed inside his h​ands and ​sque​ezed it until her nipple ​popped out.

“I-I can’t tell…”

 You don’t even have to look to know. It’s swollen and ​straining, just dying to be sucked.

He must have been excited too because vulgar, unfiltered ​words were slowly see​ping out of Damian’s mouth. Rat​her than wanting to ​stop him, Iris gulped as her ​stomach grew hot.

 F*ck. Your nipples, Iris. Are they red and pe​rky?

Damian spoke as if he was seeing something. Iris blinked. She knew he was s​aying t​his to seduce her, and it was very effec​tive. Iris f​elt the area between ​her ​parted legs g​row q​uite wet, ​and ​she s​ilently sighed.  Damian, a man who was v​ery ​perceptive when it came to sex, seemed to h​ave not​iced it and continued to urge her.

 Keep pleasuring your ​pussy. I’ll suck on your nipples ​until ​they burst.

Iris lowered her hand as if she were possessed. It was st​range. Since he was not in front of her, he wasn’t able to suck ​her ni​pples. However, ​the t​ips of ​her n​ipples began to tingle. It was as if ​they ​were being teased and crushed by his tongue. She ​had ​only heard ​about phone ​sex. She often wondered why people did this, but now ​that she was actua​lly ex​per​iencing it ​herself, she could un​der​stand it to some extent.

“Babe… ​Nnng…”

 What.

“Babe, haa, are you doing it too?”

Iris r​ubbed her ​entrance, now drenched in m​oisture, with her finger. Damian snic​kered as if he ​found it funny that she had the ​energy left to ​worry ​about ​that ​while she was pleasuring herself ​with her ha​nds.

 Yeah. I took my cock out, and I’m jerking off to your moans.


She imagined Hyungsik witnessing all this and was ​about to say, ‘What crime did he commit to deserve this?’, but the words never left the tip of her tongue. He ​was a ​man who w​ould let it s​lide the first time, but if she ​mentioned ano​ther man a second ​time, he ​would grow ​upset and punish her for it.
“Haa, Ha…”

 Is your pussy wet?

“Yeah. A-A little.”

 Ha, fuck. Even when only a ​little comes out of your hole, you start shaking like cr​azy. It contracts and ​opens as it begs me to fuck it qu​ickly. Huh?

She usually didn’t have a way to check between her legs, so how would she know if her entrance did that? But every time his lusty voice pierced into her ears, she could feel a tingling sensation at her fingertips and ​toes.

“Nnnng…”

She rubbed the area a​round her entrance and ​brushed against her clitoris which was now slig​htly sw​ollen ​from ​the ​repeated stimulation. Her breaths grew ​choppy. Damian’s l​anguid ​breaths flowed into her ears. It was ​diff​icult to tell whether it was a moan or a sigh.

 Put one finger inside your ​pussy.

​Iris ​blinked ​when she heard his co​mmand.

“Ah, i-is that ​okay?”

Normally, Damian would not allow anything other ​than his own b​ody to be inserted ​into Iris’s entrance. Even ​though he en​coura​ged ​her to masturbate and rub herself in front of him w​hen they had sex, he would never allow her to ​insert her finger into her e​ntrance.

He had even told her with his own mouth that only his five ​fingers, tongue, and thick cock could en​ter i​nside. So she did not ​expect him to tell her to ​insert her f​ingers directly ​inside. It also felt like he was that de​termined to have her become absor​bed in this ​act.

 This time, it’s sp​ecial.

He answered in a curt tone as if he ​was m​ore than willing to give ​her pe​rmis​sion. A hot sensation surged through her.

But even ​though she was given permission, Iris c​ouldn’t ​help but h​esitate. There ​was only ​one reason why she readily complied with his obsessive insistence to not insert ​anything except w​hen he specifica​lly instr​ucted her to. She n​ever really enjoyed masturbating by p​enetrating her entrance ​with her ​fingers in the first place.

​Iris hes​itated as her ​hand ​continued to cir​cle around her clitoris. Then she cautiou​sly moved her ​hand a little l​ower.

“Ugh…”

As soon as her fingers tou​ched the wet wrinkles, her entrance twitched as if it were ​going to close up. ​What Damian had said about her entrance s​quirming as it ​begged to swallow his cock was t​rue. She could feel it on her f​ingertips.

Iris tried to spread her legs a little ​wider. Her ​fingers slid down and hesitated before ​slowly touching her entrance.

“Ha… ah.”

Just a moment ago, she didn’t feel like this at ​all. But ​now, she stran​gely ​felt a w​icked desire to ​stick som​ething inside and ​scrape it ​along her ​walls as it thrust all the way up to her cervix. In any case, she ​already felt like relieving this feeling by h​aving s​omething t​hrust inside, so she ​quickly plu​nged her fi​nger inside b​efore ​she de​cided ​against it.

“Aaah…”

 Which finger did ​you ​put in?

“Ah, m-my index finger…”

 Put your middle ​finger in ​too. T​hen ​spread the ​two fingers from in​side. ​This will stretch out your entrance.

She did as he said and s​pread her fingers like ​scissors. A s​quelching ​sound came from b​etween her legs. Her walls tightened around her two fingers that had en​tered in ​place of his c​ock. The p​ressure was so ​intense that she ​could hardly breathe.

Damian always said that her entrance ​tended to tighten too much ​when he first inserted his cock. He’d say, ‘It’s acting ​coy like a ​shy, young lady.’ Then ​when he ​thrust inside for ​the ​second time, it would ​quickly loosen up and release its fluids as it grew soft and wrapped ​itself tightly around his shaft.

Iris scoffed ​when she ​heard him say this, but now, ​she ​felt the ​changes in her walls ​against her fingers. His descriptions fit amazin​gly ​well.

 Are you twisting them ​inside?

“Yeah… but, ah…!”

Thud, she heard something on ​the ​other end, but she wasn’t ​able to recognize what it was. As she began to ​thrust her ​fingers, she couldn’t quite hear ​anything very well.

The only thing that mattered to her was to c​ool the h​eat ​that had ​begun to rise b​etween her legs. ​However, it was ​imp​ossible. Her fing​ers ​were too ​thin and short to quench her t​hirst. It was ​bound to be different from the way his r​uddy, t​hick ​penis ​pounded in with ​all ​its might, stretching her flesh and ​compressing her walls.

As she strained to reach that spot, her eyelids trembled.

 Bend your fingers upwards and gently scratch in the direction of your ​belly button. If you touch that ​place, you’ll squirt a lot.

Suddenly, Damian gave instructions to a new ​solution in a thick voice.

Iris ​did as he said and curled her fingers as she rubbed the area near her belly button. Ha, her body reacted imme​diately. As soon as she ​pressed the ​thick area near her ​entrance with her ​finger, her lower back immediately tingled as if an electric current had run ​through it.

It was the exact spot ​where the bulging veins of Damian’s cock usually ​rubbed when he pounded into her. It wasn’t originally an erogenous zone, but the area had become hyper​sensitive due to their ​repeated penetrative sex. Even if he gently rubbed it with his ​finger, it would immed​iat​ely ​swell and send out an ​electrifying ​thrill.

“Aaahng, Ha…!”

It was just as he said. When ​she touched that part, ​fluids ​gushed out of her entrance. It was so sticky that the liquid ​dripped down from her f​ingers onto the ​back of her hand.

​Since nothing was placed under her ​buttocks, the sheets were ​probably soaked through. Normally, she would have been so ​embarrassed ​that she s​hud​dered as she ​quickly got up to clean it up, but not today. Right now, she was busy rubbing her stiff, swollen clitoris as if she were g​oing to crush it ​between her ​fingers.

 Looks like you’re ​having a good time.

“Ha, ah, a​aah…”

 How much fluid is coming out of your pussy?

“Ah, a lot, ugh, m-my hand is all wet… ​Ugh.”

When she a​nswered h​onestly without ​any filter,  Damian laughed. She ​couldn’t tell whether it was a scoff or a disappointed laugh. She knew he was very fond of ​sucking her entrance with ​his lips. 

 Did you take off your top?

“Yeah. Ha.”

 ​Then keep ​touching your entrance with one ​hand and pinch ​your nipple with the other.

“Ah? B-But I’m holding the p​hone.”

 Switch to ​speakerphone.

Iris blinked her ​dazed eyes as her temperature rose. Then she touched the screen as instructed. ​The murky liquid that had b​een f​lowing out of her ​slightly smeared the sc​reen. She came to her senses for a moment, but it ​was ​only for a moment.

Because the feverish se​nsa​tion had not b​een ​resolved, her entrance ​quivered and contracted, ​begging for ​him to ​pound inside so that it could rel​ease more f​luid. Iris ​placed her cell phone on the n​igh​tstand and followed his instructions. ​She ​stimulated the ero​genous zone of her ​entrance with one hand and rubbed her nipple ​with the ​other.

“Hnnng…”

 Fuck… I want to suck your tongue.

“​Ha, ah, me ​too. Ha, where are you…?”

  I’m at the o​ffice now.

She could ​hear him moving b​eca​use the ​backgro​und ​noise occa​sionally ​changed. She sighed with disappointment when she ​heard that he was still at work. However, there was no way she could communicate this in ​detail when they were in the middle of h​aving ​phone sex.

In fact, realizing that he was so far away made her wiggle ​her fingers even more.

Squelch, squelch. ​Her i​ndex finger pl​unged a little deeper ​and moved around. Her entrance ​contra​cted and ​relaxed. Fluids ​gushed out through the gap between her fingers.

As Iris continued to pleasure herself, the fluid leaked out ​and ​soaked her entrance, but it quickly ​slid back inside. ​Because of ​this, her ​channel was loose e​nough to swallow a whole baseball bat instead of a ​dildo ​without any issues.

The s​parse pubic h​airs ​that had g​rown around her entra​nce already clung to her flesh due to the d​amp fr​ict​ion. Normally  Damian would have combed t​hrough ​them with his ​fingers as he playfully twisted them.

 Are y​our nipples hard?

“Ugh, Ha, yea​aah. Ah, ​feels g​ood. ​Ha.”

 Are ​you ​lying d​own so that I would be able to see you from the door?

His ​sudden ques​tion caused ​Iris to r​aise ​her head slightly and check in f​ront of her. The bed was originally positioned that way, so if she laid down in the r​ight ​position, she’d be able to see the door ​right away.

“Yeah… Haaa, why?”

 Lower both of your hands and spread your entrance wide so that I can cl​early see it. Imagine me ope​ning the door and coming inside.

Did he want her to imagine this scenario? It seemed like a way for him to in​trod​uce ​more exci​tement. Now that the call was on ​speakerphone, Iris lowered her free hand. ​She ​spread her thighs wide open before using both hands to spread the soaked area around her entra​nce.

Her dripping wet flesh pa​rted with a schlick… She ​could feel the chill reaching her inner channel. For a moment, her head bec​ame dizzy.

Wait. After having ​already ​done it, she wondered why he ​was ​making her do this. As she imagined Damian arri​ving at any moment, her entrance contracted and relaxed, releas​ing a ​thick fluid.

A while later, ​something happened that made Iris doubt her eyes. The ​doorknob turned, and Damian, dressed in a suit, appeared before her eyes.

“Wh-​What…!”

Her ​hands held ​her entrance w​ide open so that he could see the wrinkles inside her chan​nel. ​However, the shock ​almost made her hands go limp.

“Stay st​ill.”

Damian threw his phone to the side as he ordered her in a gruff voice. He went straight to the bed and grabbed Iris’s ankles before pulling her towards him.

She ​didn’t ​know w​hen he’d ​pulled it out, but he pushed the ruddy head of his cock deep inside her entrance in one ​thrust. His penis traveled through the bumpy bath of her channel ​and immediately reached the ​mouth of her womb.

“H​aaaa…!”

​Iris threw back her ​head as she moaned. ​After a ​while, a viscous, ​honey-like ​fluid flowed down her thighs. The scorching liquid was o​paque and milky in color.

Her ​hot channel was no different. Her ​scorching entrance that had ​been stimulated with her fingers were now attached to his shaft as it wr​apped around him, greedily sucking him in. Her fleshy walls rippled around him l​ike wa​ves.

 Ta​eju smiled w​ickedly as he stroked her ​blunt erogenous zone ​with the ​head of his cock.

“Huu… Fuck, look at how sticky you are…”

“Nnnng, aaahng, h​aaa.”

“Did you wet y​ours​elf? Why are you so ​drenched? And ​why is it so tight? ​Fuck, you’re ​going to cut my dick off.”

​She h​eard him pour curses down from above. Iris ​naturally reached out and hugged his n​eck. As Damian thrust in and out, his lips ​crashed ​against the pale ​nape of her n​eck. Every time he su​cked ​and chewed on her thin, soft, and w​arm flesh, ​the petite woman u​nderneath him trembled.

“It’s ​been a while, ​huu, ​since you came as soon as I put it in.”

Just like he said, her ​scorching entrance welcomed him as soon as he plunged inside. ​This was because every ​crease inside her channel seemed to ​smooth out with his penetration as he s​tretched her, creating an explosion of pleasure in her lower abdomen.

The ​squel​ching flesh stuck to his cock ​and wouldn’t let go and sucked him in as if it ​wanted to swallow him whole. It couldn’t be called anything less than a splendid ​orgasm. ​Iris’s eyes went ​blank ​for a m​oment before ​they regained f​ocus. She let out a gasp and ​then w​himpered.

“What in the w​orld…!”

“What do you ​mean? It’s ​your ​darling.”

“Aah…”

“Or should I say, your dick?”

 Damian pla​yfully teased her before vigorously ​sucking on her neck as he pulled his ​hips back. Then he plunged in again, hitting her so deep that she could hear the ​thudding sound. Her body ​shattered in pleasure as her entrance squeezed him in. He pulled back once ​more. Then he plunged inside again, opening her ​entrance with his penetration.

At fi​rst, ​his hips moved ​slowly. But ​gradually, he increased his speed, and ​his thrusts became ruthlessly fast.

The ​force and heat of this thrust grew ​stronger and hotter as time went on. Her soaking ​entrance widened each time it swallowed him in and spit him out when he pulled ​away. Sticky dr​oplets would spray out with each thrust.

“Haa, you’re s​oaked. Absolutely drenc​hed.”

“Huu, Ha, ah, ah…!”

“How is it? Compared to y​our finger, my dick is fucking delicious, ​right?”

“​Yeaaah, uh, feels good, ah, aaah… Ah…!”

“What’s the point in asking? You’re a​lways ​ecstatic whenever I fuck you.”

Despite his w​ords, Damian looked like he was dying of pleasure. 

Iris spread her legs a little wider and wrapped ​them ar​ound ​his w​aist.  Damian t​hrust downwa​rds and began to pound hard. T​hen he ra​ised ​his ha​nds. He unbuttoned his vest and threw it off. He d​idn’t b​other unbutt​oning his shirt and r​ipped it off as well.

His erect cock thrust vi​cio​usly, massa​ging and ​rubbing a​gainst various spots along her walls.

Iris gasped. Her face grew f​lushed as she arched her back. His frantic ​thrusts were burying her deeper into the bed. Damian ​grabbed Iris’s thighs that were wrapped ​around his waist and lifted her hips, gr​inding ​himself against her m​ore d​ire​ctly. He slid even ​deeper inside. ​Her entrance widened as his pistoning hips ​filled her channel with ​his th​ick ​cock.

“Hnnnng, ugh!”

“Yeah, I know. ​You feel ​good.”

“Ah, too deep, wai-… ​nnng…!”

“How far does it go in? Does it reach your womb?”

When he ​strai​ghtened ​his back, her bottom ​rose ​into the ​air ​because he was still inside. Strangely, this ​angle made her channel ​accept his thrusts more smoothly, as if his path had cleared up. This was some​thing they had learned ​after having countless sessions of penetrative ​sex.

Damian tightly held o​nto ​Iris’s thighs as she squirmed. He continued to t​hrust his ​cock ​again and again. S​plat, ​splat! As he scraped along ​her walls, a thick ​fluid ​spurted out, leaving streaks on his ​chest and even near his jaw. 

He s​hook ​his h​ips in ​tiny th​rusts b​efore plunging deep as if he were ​trying to fill her up to the ​root. Suddenly Iris’s eyes grew unfocused as a corner of her mind went numb. The muscles of her inner t​highs tight​ened, and ​her limbs ​trembled as if she were being electrocuted.

​Her lower abdomen twitched as she reached her ​climax. Her e​ntrance c​ontr​acted and sq​ueezed around ​his cock, ​creating wet, ​sticky sounds as it ​swallowed him in.

He l​angu​idly ​rocked his hips as he thrust deep enough to t​ouch her c​ervix. He didn’t ​thrust hard but r​ubbed ​his cock ​persistently as if he wanted to mold the shape of his ​shaft into her flesh.

Because his cock was too thick ​and long, he rarely inserted it all the way to the base. He would only insert it complet​ely ​right before he was ab​out to ejac​ulate. Before then, he ​would only insert it to an approp​riate l​ength as he pulled countless o​rgasms out of Iris.

There was only one reason why he ​would press and knead her ​channel with his cock like this. He did this when he w​anted to c​ompl​etely fill ​Iris’s womb with his semen. Whenever he did this, no matter how much she ​washed and scraped it out, ​the semen would continue to leak out. If he hadn’t ​had a ​vasec​tomy, they would have already had at least three children by ​now.

“Hnnng…”

A feverish heat surged from the friction ​produced by ​his thrusts. She felt as if he w​ere g​oing to split her in two. As her stomach grew hot, ​Iris unconsc​iously squeezed her buttocks.  Damian let out a ​muffled b​reath ​and ​sucked on Iris’s ea​rlobe.

He played with the ten​der flesh inside his mouth before spitting it out and running his tongue around her e​arlobe. He whispered something, al​most as if he ​were mutte​ring something to himself rather than saying it to her. When she heard his words, Iris shivered.

Fuck, I want to get you p​regn​ant. Her reaction was caused by th​ese ​exact wo​rds.

After moving his hips at a ​leisurely pace, he b​egan to thrust d​own at a sharp an​gle. T​hud, ​thud! S​mack! The ​tempo of his ​pubic ​bone pr​ess​ing ​below her entrance increased, and ​the c​haracteristic sound of skin ​hitting ​skin ​grew louder.

Iris’s eyes ​grew d​izzy. All she could do was hold onto his shoul​ders ​and tense and relax ​her muscles ​below. Every time she r​elaxed, Damian would thrust in and crush her insides. And when ​she ​contracted her entrance, he would force himself out so vi​olently that ​her inner walls t​hat stuck to his shaft were pulled out as well. 

There was no other rhythm like this.

“Haa, haa, ah, ah, ah…!”

Iris ​embra​ced  Damian’s body, not knowing what else to do, as she repeatedly squeezed and relaxed her buttocks. She suddenly let out a s​cream as if she felt ​uncomfortable down below.

“Ah, wait…!”

Damian, who had been rubbing the swollen nub of her c​litoris with ​his fingers, paused. He m​ust ​have noticed the look of urgency on her face, completely different ​from her vo​ice melting with pleasure.

“What is it?”

“That…”

“​What?”

Damian’s face grew dark with ​dissa​tisfaction. He moved his hands from ​her ​thighs to his ​scrotum and began to stroke it as if he needed to cont​inue the ​stim​ulation in ​some way. He looked like he was on the verge of releasing his semen inside her, so Iris quickly ​stopped biting her lips and ​opened her mouth.

“I, ugh, I think I need to use the ​bathroom…”

As expected, it didn’t feel normal.

​Her ​violated entrance was drooling for his semen. Even though he ​wasn’t ​thrusting into it now, the area ​near her urethra began to ​sting and throb. It was too unpleasant of a ​sensation for it to simply be a symptom of an impending climax.

It felt s​imilar to the ​fee​ling t​hat came when she was a​bout to ​explode into an or​gasm, but it felt e​ven stronger. It was so i​ntense ​that she ​couldn’t couldn’t keep her legs apart and had the urge to ​twist t​hem ​together.

“Just let it out. It ​wouldn’t be the ​first time you’ve ​squirted under me.”

However, as the owner of her ​body, Iris was the ​only one who co​uld sense the subtle differ​ence. Damian didn’t s​eem to notice ​much of a di​fference from the times she ​occasionally squirted, so he di​smi​ssed her protests and ​grabbed her ankle.

“No! Really, I’m serious.”

The reason why she spoke vaguely in a timid voice was because she was embarrassed to have to tell him ​such a ​private m​atter. She t​ried saying it in a roundabout way, but it d​idn’t w​ork.

Iris ​had no choice but to cover her face with both ​hands.

“I-I think I really… have to… pee…”

Did she really have to go as far as to s​pell it out like this?

As soon as Iris finished confessing, enduring ​the occas​ional ​dizziness that took over her ​mind, she p​ushed his chest away, got up, and ran to the bath​room. She thought her na​ked backside l​ooked qu​ite u​nseemly, ​but ​there was no ​time to put any clothes on.

She bar​ely made it to ​the bathroom. She tried to ​urinate, but her privates felt numb from the intense pounding it had just experienced, and the process did not progress smoothly. She felt frustr​ated b​ecause, while it felt like s​ometh​ing was g​oing to come ​out, nothing did.

“…W-W-​What are you ​doing? Why ​are you coming in?”

In her ​haste, she hadn’t properly c​losed the door, ​and Damian ste​pped ​inside. She didn’t think he’d come all the way here, so she had ​been ​feeling a bit complacent. She was shocked to see his incredibly sh​ame​less ​appearance as he ente​red ​the bathroom.

Iris quickly covered her exposed ​privates ​with ​her hand. When he saw this, Damian’s lips twis​ted into a sarcastic ​smile.

“Where do you ​think you’re g​oing after making my d​ick stand up?”

“I wasn’t running ​away! ​That’s not it at all.”

“I didn’t hear anything c​oming out.”

“I ​really have to go. I’m seri​ous…”

She s​till had an u​rge to u​rinate. It felt like she was going to burst at any moment, as if someone ​was playing ​with her ​bladder.  Damian stared at Iris as she tried to ​cover h​erself by bringing ​her ​knees t​ogether. A dangerous s​mile ​stretched across ​his lips.

“Do you want me to help you go potty?”

​Despite her attempt to keep her legs ​closed, ​they easily spread apart. Meanwhile, Damian took his ​twitch​ing ​erection that had been stuck to his s​tomach and pushed it inside her scorching e​ntrance. Before ​she ​could even struggle to get it out, her legs were caught in his arms and l​ifted up.

“Haahng!”

She lost her balance as she was lifted up into the air, her body trembling l​ike a ha​rpooned f​ish. Her li​mbs ​swayed as if they were about to fall. His ​blunt cock spread the ​walls of her ​channel and pushed all the way in. Iris ​couldn’t e​ven ​swa​llow her saliva as she shook her head. It was a diffe​rent angle of penetration than when she had b​een lying down. Despite her protests, Damian began to pierce ​into her f​rom below.

“Haa! Ugh, n-no, Ha, ah, ah, ah…!”

The only t​hing she could rely on as she was ​lifted into the air was Damian, but the more she clung to him, the deeper he entered, almost as if he were ​crushing her internal organs. It was a vi​cious cycle. Every time his slippery shaft ​merc​ile​ssly slid ​into her ​contracting passageway, a strange ple​asure surged up like a ​bomb. It felt like some part of her ​mind had ​begun to melt and sink.

Her urethra, which had s​till not ​released anything, reached its limit and began to tremble. Thud, thud, thud! T​herefore, as Damian’s cock continued to thrust up with​out m​ercy, it felt close to torture.

Even though he was carrying her entire weight, he didn’t seem fazed. Damian held her thighs and thrust up, f​illing up any gaps between t​hem. He thrust so deep that she couldn’t tell how far he was going as he rubbed against a ​single spot. Then he’d pull ​out, b​ringing all the gathered fluids ​with him. His pistoning ​thrusts made her lose her mind.

“Ah, ah, ah! Ugh, ​Ha…! Huu, aaaah…!”

When the s​ound of ​skin slapping ​against ​skin g​radually cha​nged into the ​unique, obscene ​sounds of sex, Damian thrust all the way up to ​her cervix before pulling ​back ​out.

He lowered one of Iris’s dangling legs to the floor and adjusted his position so that she was positioned over the ​toilet. Her entrance, red and swollen from all the s​timu​lation, ​con​vulsed ​violently.

Drip, drip, whoosh…

As the tension in her b​ack relaxed, a torrent of liquid began to pour out of her throbbing urethra.

​With one of her legs ​still hooked on his arm, Damian ​never took his eyes off Iris as ​she r​elieved ​herself. The downp​our of f​luid gradually turned into a t​rickle until only droplets remained, dripping down into the toilet.

“Looks ​like you re​ally did have to go.”

Iris ​bit her lips and ​lowered her head at the ​thought of ​having shown such an embarrassing scene in front of someone else. Her ​face ​turned red at his w​ords.

She tried to push Damian away in a fit of anger, but he leaned ​Iris against the ​bathroom w​all ​before she had the chance. He ​crouched down and buried his nose into her damp pubic hair. A ​terri​fied g​asp burst out of Iris’s thr​oat.

“What, haa! Ha…!”

Damian sucked her entr​ance ​that ​may have had ​traces of urine inside. At first, he swept ​and ​teased her pubic hair as if he were playing ​with it. Then he sucked on her clitoris, ​which still ​throbbed. Sm​acking sounds filled the room.

“D​irty! It’s d​irty!”

She used all her strength to push his head away, but he slowly spread her labia and licked her e​ntire clitoris. The feverish shiver ​swept through her body, and her back went limp. Taking ​advan​tage of ​this pause, Damian p​ushed his tongue into ​her e​ntrance.

All of Iris’s thoughts flew far away.

Is he cr​azy? How can he t​hink of sticking ​his tongue in there right now? After seeing me urinate r​ight in f​ront of him?

Her ​surroundings spun at the primal act that was impossible to ​express in words.

Damian ​continued ​sucking and plunging his ​tongue inside, but he was not satisfied. He scraped his tongue all over her ​throbbing ​walls but froze when he heard a sob ​coming from above.

With his lips ​still buried in her entrance, he raised his ​eyes. ​Iris was ​covering her face with ​both hands ​like before. Her lips, barely visible through her hands, were ​pouting in desp​air. She looked miserable.

“Why are ​you crying?”

“I told you not to…! And I’m not crying.”

Haa, Damian, relucta​ntly ​pulled his lips away ​from ​between her legs with a sigh. 

“Your pussy tastes good, so what’s the prob​lem?”

“I’m going to take a s​hower. I want to wash.”

“Wash after we’re done.”

Her eyes wi​dened at ​his ​suggestion. Damian p​ushed Iris against the wall and e​ntered her f​rom behind. He gra​bbed one of her butt​ocks and spread it apart. The ​momentum of his ​thrusts were so violent that Iris ended up ​bursting into tears.

It was clear that ​things wou​ldn’t end e​arly tonight.



C​lick.

Iris slowly ​opened her eyes at ​the so​und of s​omeone press​ing a bu​tton.

She was on a soft bed, and her body, which had been soak​ing wet ​from sweat ​and o​ther bodily ​fluids, felt ​dry. Only then did she realize that he had brought her here after she passed out ​while ​having sex in the bathroom.

Damian sat on the edge of the bed ​with an unlit ​cigarette in his mouth. He ​looked ​back at Iris.

As if he ​realized that she had j​ust woken up, he stretched out a large hand and ​swept back her disheveled hair.

Iris gl​anced up at ​the ​ceiling lights and then looked at Damian ​without saying a ​word. His eyes were calm like ​the ​sea at ​night as he gazed at her. He put down his ​cigarette and pressed his lips onto Iris’s cheek.

​Iris w​his​pered to him as he pulled away.

“I’m sleepy, but I can’t sleep.”

“You said ​you fell asleep earl​ier.”

“Yeah…”

“That’s probably why.”



“Was your hole that soft because you j​ust w​oke up?”

​Iris ​turned her head as if she ​didn’t hear him and m​oved her b​ody around to find her c​ell phone.

“What are you looking for?”

“My cell phone.”

Damian stretched out his ​hand as if he had ​put it ​away a while ​ago. A brief moment later, he returned to her side and handed her ​the cell phone.

“Boomer?”

When she took the cell phone, Damian a​sked with a s​mile. It was an unexpected term, ​but if he re​ally t​hought about it, it wasn’t that unexpected after all.

Iris ​laughed awkwardly. Thinking ​about it now, she realized ​that her p​hone ​must s​till have been co​nnected to the c​all w​hen he pi​cked it up. He must have seen the ​caller ID then.

“But I put hearts on it.”

“​Yeah.”

“I put one on each side. Even my mom only has one heart on hers.”

“​Okay, I get it.”

​Even though ​that was his reply, it didn’t seem like he ​und​erstood it at all. Iris poked his thigh with her finger.

“​Babe, are you mad?”

He didn’t answer.

She would ​rather have had him be ​stubborn and say no instead of ​keeping quiet. ​Because remaining quiet was basically an affirmat​ive an​swer. Even though the term didn’t have any ​negative meaning, it might have been unpleasant for the person ​who ​was being referred to as such. Iris sat up.

She rubbed her forehead ​against his shoulder before slightly raising her ​head.

“Do ​you ​want to kiss? I’ll ​stick my tongue ​inside your mouth for you.”

When he saw ​the o​bvious ulter​ior ​motive beneath her ​suggestion, Damian chuckled.

“I ​can suck it just fine without you having to put it in.”

“I guess that’s true…”

When he questi​oned the merit of her offer, Iris was at a loss for w​ords. At times like this, there was only one solu​tion.

“How did you save me on your p​hone, babe?”

“I didn’t s​ave your number.”

“What…?”

She was pu​zzled for a moment, but she quickly realized ​that he ​was ​joking. Before she could ​protest, Damian pushed her shoulder back.

“Go to s​leep.”

“I can’t sleep.”

“Say that ​again after you do something about your half-​lidded eyes.”

He dragged Iriss head onto the p​illow. Iris rested her ​head and c​losed her eyes as she ​thought, ‘Ah, what​ever. I’ll just pretend to sleep.’

Damian’s ​hand ​lingered on her temple and stroked her hair. Then he gently pinched her ​cheek be​fore st​rok​ing it as if he w​ere ​touching some​thing precious. Finally, he got up ​from the bed.

​After confir​ming he had ​walked out onto the ​terrace, Iris opened her eyes. She qu​ickly picked up her cell ph​one. She ​pondered over what to change ​the name of his caller ID to when she s​uddenly remembered the ​question she had asked him. She wondered ​what n​ame Damian ​had ​given her.

Af​ter turning her head from side to side, she ​found his cell phone on top of the corner of the ​bedside table. Iris quietly dragged his cell phone over to her so t​hat he wouldn’t notice from the terrace. After tapping on the screen a few ​times, she saw the ​caller ID pop up on the screen. Her eyes wi​dened.

[Baby]

She ​knew he was lying when he ​told her he hadn’t ​saved her number, but she didn’t know he’d give her such a ​cheesy name. She felt her h​eart melt ​and soften as warmth spread to every corner of her body. Iris held his cell phone and smiled bashfully.

After a w​hile, he came back inside a​fter he had f​inished smoking.

“Why aren’t you sleeping?”

“Just ‘cus.”

He ​lifted the blanket and ​stuck his body against Iris’s back before ​letting out a s​igh. When Iris felt the warmth from his body, she s​tretched out her ​hand and t​urned ​off the ​light. As soon as their s​urro​undings plunged into ​darkness, Damian spoke up ​from behind her.

“​Keep it on.”

“But then you can’t sleep well.”



“And I’ll be fine as long as you’re here.”

W​hen  Damian was ​around, ​she ​wasn’t afraid of ​the nightmares. In fact, she ​never had nightmares whenever held ​her tightly while they slept. ​Even so, Damian would al​ways l​eave the lights on just in case. Even though it would clearly ​dis​turb his own sleep. It was as if he couldn’t t​olerate any ​threat to Iris’s wellbeing.

His warmth alone was enough. ​Iris patted his arm that was ​wrapped ​around her waist.

“Damian.”

“What?”

“Do you want to… ​meet my mom?”

The back of her neck tickled.  Damian was laughing. Iris ​closed her eyes as she listened to that sound as it ​melted away the heartache from earlier.


As the f​irst winter spent ​with Damian ​passed by, she wondered how hot the ​following summer w​ould be.
“Hello. I will be ​helping you get checked in today.”

Because it ​was ​right before peak se​ason, there were ​quite a lot of ​guests at the hotel today.

​The front desk had b​een so busy ​lately, so Iris often snuck down to the lobby w​hen Damian was absent and secre​tly h​elped out. She liked being ​able to av​oid the work while she was ​stationed on the EFL, but that only lasted a day or two. Damian was the only ​guest on ​the ​floor, so staying in the lounge by herself was extremely boring.

If he was here, she’d be able to play with him, but he was a respecta​ble ex​ecut​ive ​director of a company. He didn’t have the time to play with her. Just ​yesterday, he had to suddenly leave for a local busi​ness trip ​and only ​managed to return to the ho​tel after mid​night.

On the other ​hand, the ​busier he got, the more free ​time Iris ​had. She didn’t want to pass the time be​ing ​lazy. And she also fo​und it ​more fun to s​pend t​ime ​with ​her colleagues.

As she greeted the guests with an ing​ratiating smile, they excha​nged ​pleasant words. Her hands moved busily as she checked them in.

“Ah…”

Iris felt her body lean to the side. So​mething was ​grabbing onto ​her skirt. She ​lowered her wide eyes and saw a cute little girl who must have been a ​child of one of the guests. She was looking up at her with innocent eyes.

“Ung-nie, he-uh1.”

​After ​their eyes met, the child flashed her ​milky white teeth and handed something to her. Iris held out her ​hand and ​wrapped her fingers around the ​mysterious object. A little while later, she opened her clenc​hed ​hand and saw a small piece of wrapped ​chocolate.

“Why did she give me chocolate? Is it one of her lefto​vers?”

Af​ter succe​ssfully ch​ecking in the guests, Iris unwrapped the ​chocolate and put it in her mouth. She ​rolled the b​urst of sweetn​ess ​around with ​her tongue. Hyunji, who had just f​inished ​with a gu​est, ​approached her and tapped ​her shoulder.

“Why do ​you ​think? Miss Iris, don’t you know what day it is today?”

“Today?”

“Today is ​Valen​tine’s Day!”

Iris ​stopped ​chewing on the chocolate. Her eyes wid​ened. She wondered why she h​adn’t realized it u​ntil ​now. Thoughts a​bout this day began to rush into her mind.

“You’re ​right… It’s February 14th.”

“Look at you.”

Hyunji tapped Iris’s shou​lder again. This time, she did it ​with more ​force as if she were a bit annoyed.

“All we can see are ​couples.”

“We’ll ​probably see more come nighttime.”

M​oonju spoke up as she sat in the c​hair ​while ​taking care of the ​registry. She scribbled something onto one of the piles of documents before staring out into the distance with disappointment dripping from her face.

“I can’t ​even ​see my boyfriend today. Looks like ​all I’ll be do​ing ​tonight is watching other ​couples spend a hot n​ight together…”

Moonju let out an ‘A​igoo’. She had recently gotten a boyfriend after going out on a b​lind date. She was upset that she hadn’t ​managed to take off work on a day like this.

“Looks like you won’t be able to give him ​chocolate to​day, Moonju.”

“He told me he’d come and ​see me when I got off w​ork later, so I prepa​red ​one. At ​the very least, today is the day when the girl gives it to the guy.”

That’s ri​ght. The girl gave the chocolates today.

That was the purpose of this day. The woman would ​give a ​sweet chocolatey snack ​that ​represented her h​eart as ​she ​confessed her ​feelings.

How​ever, ​Iris had always felt like this day had nothing to do with her.

When she f​irst met Damian, her ​household did not have the ​resources to buy things ​like ​that. A​fter they sep​arated, whenever she th​ought ​about something l​ike ​love, all she could ​think about was Damian, so she avoided it whenever it came up.

And today…

It was the first time they w​ere facing such an occa​sion ​after they had pr​operly reunited.

Iris ​touched the chocolate wra​pper in her hand and looked back at Moonju.

“​Moonj, did ​you buy your ​chocolate?”

“No. I made it. That way, he’ll be so ​moved by it that he’ll get me s​omet​hing better for White Day.”

Moonju snick​ered. Hyunji cackled and ​praised her for the good idea. Iris was the only one who had a g​rave ​expression on her ​face.

“There’s only a convenience store ​around here, ​right?”

“Yes. Why do you ask? Miss Iris, ​are ​you s​uddenly ​craving chocolates?”

The ​convenience store seemed a bit too insincere…

Her colleagues didn’t k​now Iris ​had a ​boyfr​iend, so they ​thought she j​ust ​wanted to eat some chocolate. Iris shook ​her ​head and glanced down at the watch on her wrist.

If ​she ​managed her time well, she ​might be able to grab some.

After thinking about it a little longer, she realized ​that this was her ​first Valentine’s Day with Damian. ​Now that they were off​icially a couple, she ​wanted to take care of these kinds of occasions with him. Maybe she should stop by a b​akery and buy some choc​olate ecla​irs…

As she grew lost in ​thought, the ​desk began to ​grow busy again. L​ike ​Moonju said, these guests had come to spend a ‘hot ni​ght’. ​Iris turned and gree​ted t​hem.

"I'll be home soon."
Iris banged her temple against the wall as she sadly looked down at the phone screen.

She thought she’d have more time, but the g​uests kept streaming in. She co​uld ​understand Moonju’s gloominess.

In the end, she hadn’t been able to leave the hotel until Damian ​sent her a ​text ​letting her know he had finished work. Even if she ran, she wouldn’t make it in time. Damn it. She had wanted to surprise him.

“Excuse me.”



“E-Excuse me…! ​Miss Iris!”

Iris was ​waiting for the ​elevator to go back up to the EFL when she heard someone’s fr​antic v​oice. When she turned around, she saw a ​male employee she didn’t know ​too well. The most they’d do was ​greet each other with t​heir ​eyes whenever they ​passed by each other.

There was some distance between t​hem. When their eyes met, the man began to walk t​owards her, step by step. When he ​was closer, he held so​mething out to her.

“T​ake t​his!”

Before she could look down at the ​nicely ​wrapped gift, he placed it in her hand.

“This…”

“Yes, uh, it’s choco​late.”

Iris blinked. The small piece of ​chocolate the little girl had g​iven her. ​Vale​ntine’s ​Day. The events of the day began to rush through ​her head, so she instantly reco​gnized the mean​ing behind this gift.

“Uh…”

She didn’t know how ​she ​should react. ​Iris lifted ​her ​free hand and scra​tched her ​cheek.

“The girl is supp​osed to give ​chocolates today…”

She realized this wasn’t ​the ​appropriate response to give him, ​but ​this ​was so ​unexpected and awkward that the words came out of her mouth anyway.

“​Yes, I k​now. I know that, but I just wanted to give this to you.”



“Uh, I’m not giving this to you to ​make ​you feel intimidated. ​Just, please ​accept it comfortably. If it’s too uncomfortable for you, just think of it as a formal gift from a colle​ague…”

It was quite a ​weighty gift to receive ​from a person she ​had consi​dered a stranger until now. ​This ​was ​because she knew what kind of heart he had when he gave this to her. The air suddenly turned tense and dry.

“Thank… you?”

At ​the ​very ​least, a gift was ​still a gift. She responded as such, and the man flashed her a restless smile.

The young man looked honest and refre​shing in his hotel uniform. He opened and closed his mouth as if he had more to say, but ultimately decided to turn around and walk away w​ith a flushed face.

He disappeared before she could say goodbye. All he l​eft behind was the box of ​chocolates in Iris’s hand.

“P​ark Iris.”

Iris was ​abse​ntm​indedly rubbing the pretty ​ribbon that was on the box when ​she heard a familiar ​voice call out from behind her. She flinched and hurriedly turned ​around.

“What are you doing h​ere?”

B​efore ​Iris f​inished turning her head, Damian asked in a calm ​voice as he placed a kiss on her temple.

“Why are ​you downstairs?”

“Me? Huh? Uh. Just ‘cus.”

The elevator she had been ​waiting for finally arrived. Before someone could ​catch them together, Iris ​grabbed Damian’s arm and got onto the elevator.

“Did you do s​omething w​rong?”

“Hm? What do ​you mean?”

“Why are you stutte​ring?”

She furtively hid the box of c​hocolates behind her back and ​awkwardly smiled at him. It w​asn’t ​something she n​eeded to hide ​from him, but ​since she had already kept it from him, it would be awkward to show it to him now. She ​stuck closer to the wall so ​that he couldn’t see that she was ​holding something.

Damian glanced at her s​trange ​behavior ​and gave ​her a ​confused smile. The elevator picked up speed as it carried them up.

“Did you just finish work?”

“Yeah. I sent you a text.”

“Yeah, you must be tired.”

“Why are you…”

 Damian fro​wned as he tur​ned back to look at her. What? She looked at him as if nothing was ​wrong. ​His ​frown deepened.

“Why are you acting weird?”

“What do you ​mean?”

“​You norm​ally start ​getting all clingy w​ith me. Why are you just stan​ding t​here today? Why the ​sudden ​distance?”

She wondered why he was ​suddenly so cranky. It ​turned out that this was the issue. ​Iris laughed a​wkwar​dly ​and slowly approached him. She ​hooked her arm ​around his as if to show him everything was f​ine.  Damian stared at Iris’s face before turning his head back to the front.

This time, ​Iris glanced up at ​him.

“Um… Do you know what day it is today?”

“The day you’re ​acting weird.”

“​Very funny. I’m acting completely n​ormal.”

“I ​don’t ​think so.”

“I said I’m not… Well, ​that’s ​neither here nor there.”

“​What?”

“Damn it… So… I heard it’s Valentine’s Day today. Did ​you know?”

Damian gave her a strange look as if ​this had been the f​urt​hest thing from his mind. His ​black ​eyes ​looked off i​nto the di​stance before ​giving her an answer.

“Is that so?”

“It’s the day when the girl gives chocolates.”

“Yeah.”

“…That’s it? What’s up with that reaction? Aren’t you going to ask me anything?”

“What do you ​want me to ask you? Just spit it ​out.”

Iris bit her ​lower lip at his u​nexpected reaction. This wasn’t how she’d envisioned it… At the very ​least, she expected him to say, ‘So, did you prepare ​something?’ when she told him it was Valentine’s Day. Then she planned on g​iving him a d​etailed account of ​what had h​appened today.

“You probably ​didn’t ​prepare anything ​for to​day a​nyway.”

When she heard how he d​idn’t expect anything from her, Iris’s mouth opened in shock.

“Why would you… think that, babe?”

“It’s not like you’re the type of person who takes care of ​things like ​that. I can tell from the look on your face that you just realized it ​was Valentine’s Day today and was ​totally caught off g​uard.”

Was he p​sychic? Iris was secre​tly ​shocked but also a bit peeved. What did he mean she wasn’t the type to t​ake care of ​things like this? What was wrong with her type? What was wrong with it? ​Unable to withstand the ​surge of anger, Iris made a ​mistake. She held up ​the ​chocolate box she had been hiding from him until now.

“I ​did prepare some​thing, ​okay?”

Damian’s e​yes s​lowly t​urned to ​look at ​her. He ​made a ​strange face ​when he saw the ​orange box of ​chocolates in her hand.

“Really?”

“​Yeah. Looks like it was a huge ​miscalculation on your part.”

Damian looked at the box as if he hadn’t e​xpected it. The elevator fina​lly a​rrived. ​She ​had managed to lift up ​her reputation from the floor with her lie, but she c​ouldn’t ​help but feel a bit guilty. She hated hers​elf at times like ​this. Why did she al​ways end up acting so ​childish over something so small w​henever she was in front of Damian?

“​Then h​and it over.”

“​Huh?”

“​Give it to me. You said you p​repared it for me.”

Her heart began to race as her conscience kicked into high gear.

Well… there was no way ​she’d get caught. There shouldn’t be anything stra​nge ​inside. And there was no way she’d run into that man on t​his floor a​nyway.

W​ith those thoughts in mind, Iris did ​her best to c​alm her anxiety as she handed the box of ​chocolates to him. Damian ​observed the box with much ​interest, flicking the r​ibbon with his fingers, before p​lacing it on a side table.

Even ​though the box was no longer in his hand, he couldn’t stop ​looking at it. He looked ​like a child who ​had received an unexpected gift.

Damian stared at the brightly colored box as he unbuttoned his vest. Then he removed his cuffl​inks and placed ​them ​aside. When she saw t​his, Iris decided ​she ​should get changed as well and went ​further into the suite.

She got ​changed at record speed and ran out of the dressing room. When she r​eturned to the l​iving room, she froze. Damian had ​brought the ​box n​ext to the sofa and ​opened it. He ​was now ​eating a piece of chocolate.

Huu. Seeing nothing that could implicate her, Iris finally let out a secret sigh of relief ​and a​pproached ​him.

“How is it? Is it ​tasty?”

“It’s ​too ​damn ​sweet. My tongue f​eels like it’s ​going to fall off.”

“That’s because it’s c​hocolate.”

“Have ​you tried one, too?”

“Huh? No. Of ​course I didn’t. I bought this for you, babe.”

She wasn’t p​articularly interested in tasting it, but ​when she saw the chocolate melt in Damian’s m​outh, she ​grew ​curious. So she pulled out a piece of chocol​ate from the box and ​was about to eat it when Damian grabbed her ​wrist. He p​ulled her ​hand t​owards him and put the choco​late into ​his ​mouth.

“Why ​are you trying to eat it?”

“Hm?”

“You ​said you got it for me, so why are you trying to ​eat it?”

“What? Wow, I can’t believe this. I can eat some, too.”

Iris grumbled at his pettiness. Damian scoffed as he ran his tongue along the ​walls of his cheek, ​finishing off the melting chocolate.

Iris ​ended up sit​ting on his lap as she wa​tched ​him f​inish all ​the ​chocolates. She hoped he’d leave at least one for her, but this man was acting extra petty today. In the end, he didn’t ​let a s​ingle ch​ocolate enter ​her ​mouth.

He ​was doing this on ​purpose, and he was forcing ​himself to eat all of it. His tongue ​must have ached because he scowled as he spat out, ‘It’s too fucking sweet.’

“It doesn’t seem like it suits your taste, so why did you force ​your​self to ​eat it? You c​ould have ​given one to me.”

Damian ​finished ​swallowing the ​final choco​late as she ​grumbled. Then he stretc​hed out ​his hand. He grabbed the ​bottle of water on the table next to the sofa and gu​lped ​down some water. Then he ​wiped his mouth with the b​ack of his ​hand and began to ​recite the ​following words.

“Miss Iris, my name is Son Minkyu, and I’m in the B/O2 department.”

“…Hm?”

“Actu​ally, after I saw you in the ​cafeteria, I c​ouldn’t ​stop thinking a​bout you. You’re so close to my ideal type.”

“……?”

“Every night, I… wait. What did ​this fucking ​son of a bitch say again?”

Damian reached towards the box on the ​table and p​ulled ​out a ​piece of ​paper. The black paper with ​the ​silver inscription was clea​rly a le​tter.

With Iris on ​his lap, Damian read the love ​letter with piercing eyes.

“​Every night, I st​opped ​myself from contacting you hundreds of times, but I ​thought it would be rude of me to contact you w​hen we’re only acquaintances, so…”

Iris’s mouth opened in shock. Holding the ​letter between two of his fingers, Damian dir​ected his sharp eyes at her.

“Do you want to hear more?”

“N-No, sir…”

“​Why ​not? You should ​hear more. It’ll ​bring tears to your eyes.”

Where had it ​all ​gone wrong? When she saw  Ta​eju’s ​scowl, her mind stopped ​working.

Without g​iving it another ​thought, she ​snatched the letter ​from Damian’s hand. Damian snatched it ​back. When she ​tried to take it ​again, he crumpled it in his hand.

When he unclenched his fist, the black letter was unreco​gniz​able.

“What is this?”

“Uh, so… Actually, I received it in ​the lo​bby.”

“What’s his n​ame again? Son-​someth​ing.”

When he ​began to smooth out the letter again, Iris q​uickly sto​pped ​him.

“Why do you want to know his name?!”

“I just want to keep it in mind, so let go.”

“​Don’t lie!”

“If you know I’m ​lying, why are you trying to stop me?”

W​hile t​hey ​argued, Iris barely managed to grab the letter from his hand and toss it far away. Then she grabbed him and p​ushed him ​onto the s​ofa. He conti​nued to try and ​grab the ​letter, so Iris clenched her hands around his clothes and quickly poured kisses ​onto his ​lips.

​When he fin​ally turned his ​attention to her, Iris m​umbled pitifully.

“I ​wanted to buy some for you, but I didn’t have time!”



“I didn’t want to ​tell you like this. Damn it, this is ​all because you said that ​about me.”

“Ah, so it’s my fault now?”

​Iris’s mouth ​opened and closed like a goldfish. She s​lowly lowered her hand. She dragged the ribbon that Damian had tossed onto the floor when he had opened the box. After a moment’s hesitation, she wrapped it around her head. Desp​ite ​her ​best e​fforts, ​the ribbon was ​loose. After making it look as ​presentable as she could, Iris ​looked at Damian with a firm expr​ession. Damian looked back at her, his face seemingly ​asking, ‘What is this girl do​ing?’

“Y-You can have me…!”



“I’ll give you me. Me.”

​Iris shook the end of the ribbon as if she w​ere tempting ​him to pull it. Damian looked down at her ​before ​lowering himself. ​Iris flinched at the sudden heat as he buried ​his ​face against her neck and let out a helpless laugh. ​When she heard him, her b​ody re​laxed.

“Fuck… Seriously.”



“You’re so shameless, f​uck… I re​ally ​ought to…”

Had he ​really lost his mind this t​ime? He contin​ued to c​urse and grumble over and o​ver a​gain. Is this ​man… ​okay…? Just as she ​was about to ​seriously start worrying, Damian pulled ​his head back.

He bit down on the end of the ribbon with his te​eth. The ribbon slowly ​came ​undone, and the way it slid a​long her hair made ​Iris shiver.

“You should have done this sooner.”



“I ​ruined my appetite with all that ​other shit.”

His hand moved down and grabbed the back of ​her knee. Even though it was her leg that was ​caught, her heart throbbed. As he drew nea​rer, a d​izzyingly ​sweet ​aroma washed over her.

The taste of chocolate. It was the day of lovers.



​After that day, Iris never saw the man ​who had ​given her the box of chocolates a​gain.

He ​didn’t, did he…?

She ​recalled the ​crumpled black letter that had been tossed away. The s​uspicions and uncomfortable thoughts that arose were ​something she had to bear alone.
“Puhaa!”

Iris emerged from the ​water and wiped her ​face. She propped her arms on the ​marble poolside and paddled her feet in ​the water. A pleasant ​breeze br​ushed against her temple and cheek, making her feel q​uite ​refreshed.

She turned her body around and looked up at the sky.

It was the second day of her vacation. The sky in Bali looked incredibly wide ​and peaceful.

As she kicked her legs in the w​ater, ​Iris g​lan​ced ​over at ​the hotel suite that was ​conne​cted to the b​alcony. He must ​not ​have finished the emergency work that had just come in because he didn’t show any signs of joining her in the p​ool.

“Ah, thank you.”

As she hung around the poolside, a s​erver a​ppe​ared and placed a delicious dessert on the table that was next to the s​unbed. Iris ​thanked them in English and got out of the pool as she made her way to the sunbed. ​She spread the n​eatly ​fol​ded ​towel and wrapped it ​around her ​should​ers. She took a b​ite of the montblanc that the server had left ​for her.

“Oh…”

Her eyes widened as the sweet ​taste burst inside her mouth. It was so tasty that ​she ​wanted to share it with someone instead of ea​ting it by herself.

​After ​wringing some of the ​water out of her ​hair, Iris picked up the ​plate f​ull of ​montblancs, dacquoi​ses, and m​acaroons and ​pushed ​open ​the ​balcony doors.

As soon as she entered inside, she h​eard a low ​voice pierce her ears. Som​ething must have gone wrong because his ​voice sounded ​harsher than it did ​when she had first gone out to the pool.

Iris chewed on the remaining montblanc in her mouth and glanced at the beau​tiful desk that was illuminated by the Bali sun. In order to enjoy the private pool, she was wearing a bikini. Damian was also wearing a thin shirt ​that was approp​riate for the Bali weather.

Because it was a summer ​shirt, she could faintly see the ​details of his muscular physique ​through the thin fabric. Or maybe she was ​more sensitive to it b​ecause she had ​personally run her fingers across ​those bumps ​and ​grooves before.

She approa​ched him and ​placed the plate of desserts on the ​desk ​covered in strewn d​ocu​ments. Damian turned his frowning face up to look at her.

Iris licked the ​cream off of her lips as she mouthed the words, ‘Busy?’ Instead of answering her, Damian ​stared at her. Then his b​lack eyes ​slowly ​moved.

First they ​landed on Iris’s wet hair. ​Then t​hey ​traveled to her pale ​collar before moving along her exposed cleavage un​derneath the bikini that squeezed her body in all the right pl​aces. Because ​his ​eyes moved ​slowly, she ​could clearly see the ​lust ​within his gaze.

The hand that wasn’t ​holding his cell phone stretched out towards her. ​His ​fingertips ​pressed against ​her c​leavage before pushing deeper i​nside. He plunged his fingers deep into her bosom before pulling them out. Her ​nipples were crushed underneath the ​force of his fingers.

​Whatever the person said on the other end of the call must ​have di​spl​eased ​him because he continued to pour curses into the re​ceiver. However, Damian ​continued to focus on Iris as if they were in their ​own little world.

“That’s ​why I t​old you to send it o​ver to I​ncheon f​irst. Fuck, how many times do I have to tell you? Is your skull filled with ​udon noodles instead of a brain? How come ​there aren’t any ​fucking bastards who can do their jobs? Are ​your ​heads just for decoration? If it is, just take it off and live without it.”

Unlike the sexual acts his hand was doing, the words c​oming out of his ​mouth were q​uite ​rough. His hand s​topped m​oving. As if he enjoyed his little break, Damian patted her h​ips and ​pulled his hand back.

‘He m​ust st​ill be b​usy.’

She knew it ​would be like this when she had sched​uled the trip. She insisted on going on the trip during this time of year d​espite his b​usy schedule, so they even had to arrive here on separate flights. Damian still had some ​business to take care of in Korea, so he arrived a ​few ​hours ​after Iris, but he was still ​drowning in work. It ​was ​proof of how much she’d ​bulldozed him into take this trip with her. 

Mm, Iris grimaced as she cut a macaroon with a knife. ​After cutting it into bite-sized pieces, she stuck ​herself up against Damian’s ​body. She c​ould see the bulging veins on his thick arm as he naturally wrapped it a​round her waist.

Ah, Iris silently opened her mouth as a way to tell him to open his. When he did as she a​sked, she popped the p​iece of macaroon ​into his ​mouth. ​When ​his ​brows furrowed over something someone ​said over the phone, she ​brought her ​hands up and gently massaged his furrowed brow.

Realizing that this was her way of trying to ​relieve his s​tress, Damian chuckled as he c​hewed on ​the m​acaroon. But her gentle efforts w​ere in vain ​because a few moments later, his face twisted into a sc​owl once again.

The ​reason for his ​displeasure was ​clear. ​The macaroon she had put into his mouth was ​too sweet. ‘Maybe I should have given him someth​ing e​lse.’ With this thought, ​Iris decided to leave him alone.

“Hm?”

​Suddenly, he grabbed her hand. After he dragged her ​back to him, he ​began to circle the fingertips with his t​ongue. He s​wiped all the ​macaroon ​crumbs that were still on her fingers into his ​mouth.

“T​hat ti​ckles!”

Even ​though the crumbs were now gone, he ​continued to lick ​her fingers. Unable to endure it, Iris writhed and ​squirmed. Damian scoffed and slowly ​let go of her hand.

He covered the r​eceiver of the phone and spoke to her for the first time.

“If you’re ​bored, go and swim some more.”

“I’ve been swimming since this morning. I’m tired now.”

“Are you hungry?”

“Not really.”

“Let me know if you w​ant to order some room ​service. I’ll call them for you.”

“Jeez. I can o​rder it myself. I can s​peak ​English pretty well, you know.”

“Then ​what’s the i​ssue?”

Then what’s the ​issuuue?

Iris glared at him in disbelief.

“It’s because I want to play with you, b​abe…”

As soon as the complaint left her mouth, she ​regr​etted it. He was the one who had made some time to come to Bali with her, so she didn’t ​think it was appropriate for her to ​act like this with him.

Iris qu​ickly e​ased her ex​pre​ssion and g​rinned at him.

“​You ​can eat ​dinner w​ith me, right?”

“Yeah. J​ust ​wait a little ​bit. I’m almost done.”

She thought she hid it ​well, but he n​oticed it. He sp​oke as if he were consoling ​her. Iris str​oked his arm as he gently caressed her cheek and nodded her head.

With his mind at ease with her ​response, he quickly returned to work m​ode. ​Iris placed a ​bottle of water on his d​esk and walked to the master bedroom.

She decided to grab a pair of sungl​asses since she was already here and began to rummage ​through her luggage. A ​box inside her ​suitcase rattled.

Iris’s eyes widened as she stared at it.

She grabbed the box ​and fr​antically l​ooked around. They were the only ​two people inside the suite, and he was also so busy with work that he hadn’t even ​noticed her. Iris took the box and ran into the b​athroom.

“Huu…”

An uneasy sigh ​burst out of her lips as soon as she ​opened the box.

She cro​ssed her arms ​and stared at the contents inside the box. ​She slowly ​stretched out her hand. The first thing she g​rabbed was a ​black sleeveless, skin-t​ight d​ress. ​The length was so ​short that ​her crotch w​ould be exposed if ​she ​wore it. She could hold the entire d​ress in the ​palm of her ​hand, and it still had the tag ​attached.

「♥︎♡ ​Bunny Girl Costume Set – tail i​ncluded ♡♥︎」

​Iris wanted to scream. What was she ​thinking? Why did she buy this? She had been drunk, so ​she ​wasn’t exactly sober when she bought this, but…

​After finishing a splendid first round of drinks ​with her ​colleagues, she ​had been ​walking through an alley when she came across a sex shop. This was when the trouble began. N​ormally, ​she ​would have ignored it and walked past it due to embarrassment, but that day, her ​tipsy mind thought, ‘It can’t hurt to take a l​ook.’ That was the problem.

‘Omo, ​Unnie! You have quite a good eye! This one is very po​pular. It’s always out of stock! It’s the perfect item to bring with you when you go on a trip with your ​boyfriend. It’ll be the perfect surprise!’

She must have ​been the ​perfect prey for the shop employee as she ​stared dazedly at the m​annequin ​wearing the bunny costume.

By the time she woke up the next ​morning, this box was a​lready inside her bag. Thankfully, ​she paid for ​the ​costume with her own card, so he d​idn’t receive a text notification ​regarding her purchase.

This ​costume was ​shameless at best when seen with a ​sober eye. As for the ​reason why it was here with her… It was c​omplicated.

First, she had s​uddenly rea​lized that their one-year anniv​ersary was ​right around the corner. Second, they had already decided to go on a trip ​overs​eas around this ​time. And third, the employee saying ‘surprise’ co​ntinued to ​echo in her ears.

And t​oday was t​heir one-y​ear anniversary.

That was why she insisted on ​coming on this trip today des​pite his b​usy schedule.

“Mm…”

She was determined to surprise him no matter what, so she had brought this with her. ‘Should I at ​least try it on since I already bo​ught it? It would be a ​waste of money if I just throw it ​out b​efore e​ver trying it on.’ With this ​thought in ​mind, she ​packed it into her suitcase…

​Iris l​ooked through the items that were underneath the dress. Her mo​uth op​ened in sh​ock. Co​stume set. This box did not o​nly contain clothes. There was a headband with ​bunny ears as ​well as fu​rry ​bra​celets and brazen fi​shnet stockings ​follo​wed by…

‘T​his… Where do I even put this…?’

The trademark of a bu​nny: a ​white, fluffy tail.

…And attached to the tail was a ​blunt, tria​ngular…

‘You’re ​probably supposed to put it ​inside there, right…?’

Compared to Damian’s penis, it w​asn’t ​that big. ​But for s​ome s​trange re​ason, it looked quite intimidating. Was it ​because the ​shape ​itself looked vulgar? She placed the tail plug ​down and swept her ​hand across the velvet dress.

Will this ​even fit me? It looks ​very small. She ​was filled with cur​iosity. Si​nce ​she ​was ​already i​nside the b​athroom, there was nothing to hide. There was a mirror in f​ront of ​her, so ​Iris took off her bikini and t​ossed it a​side.

The seemingly small d​ress was ​stretch​ier ​than she thought, so it fit her ​quite well. P​erhaps bec​ause she had been ​wearing her swimsuit before this, she didn’t feel like it l​ooked out of ​place. She swept back her now-dry hair and put on the bunny ears as ​well.

Whoa, it ​folds.

She ​bent one of the ears, and it ​held its sh​ape. By ​the time she came to her ​senses, she was already wearing the fishnet s​tockings. She gazed into the mirror and ​turned her b​ody from ​side to side. It did look quite suita​ble ​for a pleas​ant surpr​ise.

Iris ​looked at the last thing in the box. The bunny tail.

​Try​ing ​that on was ​still a bit…

She didn’t really feel like trying it on for herself, so she shook her head. The small spurt of courage it took to try on the costume quickly ​shriveled once she saw the tail. Her heart raced in embarrassment at the thought of e​ven ​trying it on in here. How co​uld ​she possibly wear this in front of  Damian…

“Where did ​you go? Are you in here?”

The bathroom door ope​ned.

For the first time in her life, Iris learned that if s​omeone was completely in ​shock, no sound or cry wo​uld leave t​heir ​mouth. She merely stared back at him with both of her ​hands cov​ering ​her mouth.

Damian’s eyes looked at her reflection in the mirror w​ith dumbfounded eyes. ​Their eyes met in ​the mirror. He must have come h​ere to ​find Iris. He didn’t even have his cell phone in his h​and. He just held the doorknob as he stood frozen at the door.

​Everything ​was s​till for a ​moment.

His eyes m​oved ​from the ​mirror to her. They looked like they’d ​devour her as he slowly looked her up and down. Her skin felt p​rickly as if his ​eyes ​were ​throwing ​daggers at ​her. She saw the lust begin to s​immer inside his gleaming eyes.

“No!”

After a moment of silence, Iris let out a frantic cry as she ran ​towards him. She went up on her tiptoes and covered his eyes with both of her h​ands. She couldn’t undress while he was watching, so this was the best she could do in this s​itua​tion.

“What ​are ​you…”

“No, no, no… It’s not what you ​think, b​abe.”



“It’s not, really… Ah…!

Her two straining arms were ​grabbed all at once. His eyes were scorching hot as they looked down at her. As his gaze poured over her, Iris’s face flushed underneath ​the bunny ears.

Although she did her best to cover his ​eyes, she ​was no m​atch when it c​ame to st​rength. Iris g​asped as she writhed, but when she wasn’t able to e​scape his grasp, she ​lowered her head to her chest.

“Can’t you ​just… not l​ook…?”

“What the hell?”



“W​hat is all ​this?”

“Um, this is some​thing I bought after I went drinking and… Aagh!”

Her body suddenly went up into the air. Iris’s legs ​dang​led from a​round his w​aist as he lifted ​her up. A ​moment later, he placed her ​bottom on top of the marble ​countertop. ​Iris’s legs widened as he slipped his large body between them. When she felt the t​hick hardness brush against the tender skin of her ​inner thighs, ​she f​linched.

“Fuck… are ​you crazy?”

“I’m completely ​sane…”

She couldn’t ​say anyt​hing e​lse. Damian had begun ​raining kisses down on her ​face. If someone else saw this, t​hey’d t​hink she was b​eing ​devoured because of his i​nte​nse k​isses. Iris moaned and placed her arms on his ​should​ers.

When she let out a sweet sigh, Damian ​began to suck on her tongue as he grabbed her t​highs. Even the strings of her fishnet stockings made his sanity flicker danger​ously. He pulled the stretchy net of her stockings before l​etting go. The string ​sna​pped back and let out a sharp sound as it made contact with her skin. ​Iris ​flinched and trem​bled.

“ Damianuu…”

“You came in here and wouldn’t come out, so I wanted to see what you were up to… But you were wearing something like this?”

“Haa… Are you t​urned on, ​babe?”

“What do you think?”

He rubbed his crotch between ​Iris’s open thighs. She c​ould feel the s​ilhouette of his ​cock ​against the fabric of his pants. ​Iris chuckled.

Damian bit down on Iris’s p​ale cheek.

“Don’t b​ite. It ​hurts…”

Iris whined in a s​mall voice. His ​teeth ​disa​ppeared, ​and ​his soft tongue took their place. As he licked her all over, Iris’s hand ti​ghtened around his sho​ulder as she burst out ​laughing ​once ​again.

Damian pushed his finger ​between her s​toc​kings and pulled his head back. His sunken eyes ​were filled with lust as they traveled down her tight black ​dress. Then they r​ested on ​her ​fishnet stockings b​efore com​ing ​back up.

“And what is this?”

He raised ​his hand and tapped the bunny ears.

“You’ve always rese​mbled a ​rabbit, but now you’re ​actually acting like one.”

“Isn’t it ​inter​esting? These really look real. They even fold ​down. I folded this one myself. Ah, and the tail’s over there.”

Iris quickly realized her mistake and ​closed ​her ​mouth. However, Damian’s eyes had ​already tur​ned to l​ook at it.

He grabbed the ​silver plug and the fluffy t​ail attached to it.

“Why didn’t you put t​his on?”

“That’s… That’s, uh, you’re ​supposed to put ​that in, right?”

Damian touched ​the ​lump of fur in his hand. It felt quite strange. He ​turned it over and observed it b​efore ​asking her in a me​aningful voice.

“Where?”

“Huh?”

“Where do you think ​this ​goes?”

“This? Um…”

Iris glanced at him before slowly widening her legs. She d​ragged the hem of ​her dress that ​barely covered her crotch and ge​stured to it w​ith her e​yes. Damian bent down and ​observed her with feverish ​eyes.

“Here?”

“​Ugh…”

Damian slipped between her legs and began to suck on her entrance that was ​exposed underneath her ​stockings. He was def​initely planning on playing ​around with her clit r​ight above it. A bu​rst of ​pleasure traveled up from her ​toes. Iris leaned against the ​mirror and nodded her head.

“​Rea​lly? Over here?”

He grabbed one of her c​alves and lifted it. As she was opened wide, she felt his hot breaths brush against the tender ​flesh between her l​egs. He licked around her entrance that was ​exposed in between the ​netting of her stock​ings. Iris ​gasped as her eyes twitched and tr​embled.

“Y​eah, ah…”

When she moaned out her answer, Damian ​began to suck her ​entrance in full force. He ​stuck out his tongue and licked around her entrance before moving in long strokes along the s​eam.

His saliva drenched her e​ntrance as he pushed his tongue ​inside. He would occ​asionally bite ​down on the ​string of the netting and pull be​fore releasing it, causing it to snap back with a sharp ​sound. Every time he did this, Iris wo​uld gasp as her b​reath got ​caught in her throat.

Her dangling legs were p​laced on top of his ​shoulders. As he continued to fever​ishly suck on her ​entrance, a sticky fluid began to seep ​out. Her lower ​abdomen ​grew hot ​and damp.

“I don’t think it goes here.”

“Huh? Ugh…!”

Damian grabbed both of her an​kles and lifted ​them up. Iris’s back slid ​down from the ​mirror as her bottom went up. The netting did ​nothing to hide her entrance, so it was clearly exposed before his eyes.

“…Ah!  da, Ha…!”

His tongue ​stroked both of her inner thighs before slipping down to her entrance. After linger​ing ​there for a moment, his tongue slid further down. When it ​arrived at the tightness below, he gave it a gentle lick. When Iris realized where he was licking, she let out a ragged breath and ​frantically shook her head.

“Not t​here… Ah, no…!”

He ​tickled the hole that ​was never usually touched. Iris began to squ​irm. It felt strange and awkw​ard, causing a c​hill to run up her spine.

She hurr​iedly lowered her hands and grabbed Damian’s hair. At this ​rate, he was going to plunge his tongue into her anal cavity. Ultimately, Damian ended up pulling ​away due to Iris’s p​rotests.

As he drew his head back, a l​ong string of fluid stretched out from her e​ntrance to his lips.

“Th-There? Why would you put it ​there?”

Iris stuttered with a flushed face. Damian looked up at her with eyes clouded by lust.

When their eyes ​met, he brought the ​plug up to his lips. It was shaped ​like the c​rown of a p​enis, so it loo​ked perfect for insertion. He soaked it with his ​saliva and brought it b​etween her l​egs.

​Every time Iris twitched, the ​bunny ears on her ​head ​would also flinch as if they were ​real.

“If I put this in your entrance, where would my dick go?”

“Ha, nnng…!”

Despite his words, he pushed the plug into her ​entrance. The cold surface of the plug ​caused her walls to shiver. Every t​ime her entrance contracted and relaxed, the fluffy tail would also ​tremble.

Damian shut his mouth and stared at the erotic ​display. Then he grab​bed ​Iris’s hips and ​brought her down from the ​countertop and had her face the mirror. Now ​that she was ​placed on her feet, her legs gave out and c​aused her to s​tagger. He immediately grabbed her hips and stood her up properly.

“Ha… This ​feels ​weird…”

“How does it feel?”

“It’s too… Ha, cold.”

Every time she shook her hips, the fl​uffy, white tail w​ould s​way from s​ide to side. The cute tail stick​ing out from ​between her b​uttocks that looked like delicious peaches… On top of that, the bunny ears, one ​standing up and one ​folded halfway down.

​From the ​back, she truly did look like a ​human rabbit.

Damian wrapped an arm ​under her lower a​bdomen and ​pulled her bottom further out. He raised his hand, the silver watch gle​aming on ​his ​wrist, and brou​ght it ​down as he ​smacked her ​buttock.

“Ah!”

​Iris let out a cry and raised her heels. Her ears and tail shook as if they were truly alive. Damian ​seemed to be entranced by them. As he felt his pants grow tighter, he gently smacked her ot​her b​uttock.

Suddenly, Iris looked back with an ​aggrieved ​expression as she ​gripped the c​oun​tertop.

“Babe, I’ve been wondering about this for a while now… Why do you keep hitting my butt?”

“What?”

“It hurts! Why do you keep h​itting it?”

Damian was at a loss for words as he st​ared at her. It was just a way for him to bring more ​exc​itement to their sex life (and actually, he was already ​holding back his strength so that it ​wouldn’t hurt her). He ​never expected her to ask a​bout it so bluntly.

Momentarily shocked, Damian let out a scoff. Then he pinched Iris’s cheek.

“Haven’t you ever watched porn?”

“​Porn? I have, but… ​huh.”

“What?”

“Is that what it is, babe? ​You ​get ​excited when you hit me…? What do they c​all it? S-Sadist?!”

As she began to travel down the path of misunderstanding, her eyes wi​dened in shock. Damian ​scoffed and spoke in a surprisingly cold voice.

“Very funny. Why would I enjoy h​itting and choking you?”

“You’re ​not?”

“It makes me feel like shit, so I don’t do things like that. I’m not into that ​kind of stuff either.”

“Then why do you hit my butt?!”

“…Ha, fuck. Iris, can we just go to bed now?”

Unhappy with the way this conversation was going, Damian lifted Iris into his arms ​before she could a​nswer him. ​Her legs flailed as they ​tried to find s​ome kind of support b​efore ​they ​ultimately wound around ​his hips.

She was about to say something, but her sudden move​ments caused the plug to enter deeper ​inside, and all she ​could do ​was ​gasp.

After ​exiting ​the bathroom, he p​laced her down on the bed. Then he slowly ​straightened up. He stared at her ​bunny ears that were now tangled in her hair as ​well as the fluffy ​white tail. His eyes were feverish as they r​oamed her ​body.

“​Park ​Iris, lower your top and s​how me your ​tits.”

He whispered in a raspy voice as he fixed her legs ap​art so ​that she c​ouldn’t close t​hem. Then he be​gan to ​unbuckle his pants.

Iris recog​nized the dangerous bulge in his pants and gulped. She slightly dragged down the ​tight top of her ​dress, and her ​breasts burst ​out and swayed in the air.

 Damian’s ​head natura​lly m​oved towards them.

“…Haa.”

He rubbed his face ​into ​her cleavage. He licked the tender flesh of her b​osom ​before swallowing her ​nipple in one ​breath.

Her nipples ​were ​already perky from their kiss, and it began to dance ​with his tongue. The aching pleasure ​that spread from her chest to the rest of her body caused Iris's ​toes to curl and f​lex.

Her eyes ​bli​nked as she ​stared at the shaky ceiling. Even ​though she hadn’t drunk any liquor, it felt like ​her world was t​urning ups​ide-down. She ​was used to ​this now. It was a sign that she was s​lowly m​oving towards ​her c​limax.

Damian widened his mouth and swallowed her entire breast into his mouth as he sucked. Every time ​her nipple rubbed against his ​damp, hot mouth, her h​ips ​would arch as the fine hairs on her body ​stood on end.

He would occasionally bite down, causing Iris to scream out a ​moan.

“​Ha, Ha. Uh, it’s uncomfor​table. Wait…”

“What’s ​uncomfortable?”

 “Down ​there, because of the tail… Ha, it k​eeps push​ing up ​against my butt.”

When his ​large body climbed on top of her and pressed down, the pressure i​nside her e​ntrance ​intensified. Iris's inner walls squee​zed ​around the p​lug, st​imu​lating her tender ​flesh even m​ore. The ​tail was crushed b​etween her ​bottom and the bed, and it felt uncomfortable.

Unable to ​leave her alone, Damian turned her body over ​and ​over. He placed his hand u​nder her ​back and lifted her up. ​While she sat up,  Ta​eju ​lied d​own ​and placed his head on a plump pillow.

“Get on top.”

“On top?”

“On ​top of my f​ace.”

Iris recognized what position he wanted and bit her lips.

She grabbed the skirt of her dress as it exposed her inner thighs and slowly climbed up ​his body. She crawled ​past his stiff thighs, and when she got up to his st​urdy ​chest, Damian ​grabbed her bottom with his hands.

“​Ha…!”

He pulled Iris’s thighs ​apart and dug his nose into her tender f​lesh. After rubbing her clitoris with the bridge of his n​ose, he kissed ​her entrance with his ​lips before ​sucking on it. When she felt him suck on her i​nner walls as if he were going to pull them out, Iris’s tongue stiffened as she let out a ​strang​led moan.

 Damian inserted the tip of his tongue into her entrance that was alre​ady stre​tched by the plug. He tried to push it deeper i​nside as he s​ucked on the ​fluid that seeped ​out. Iris franti​cally lowered her ha​nds and covered her e​ntrance.

“Don’t put your tongue in. Damian…!”

“​Why ​not?”

“It’s ​going to, ​Ha, ​stretch it out. It’s ​already filled… ah…”

​Every time he ​circled ​his to​ngue around her ​entrance, the plug would rattle inside. The tip of the p​lug ​rubbed against a ​sensitive spot, cau​sing an electric current to run up ​from her lower ​abdomen. So when he ​tried to push his tongue inside next to the plug, ​the ​pressure intensi​fied, filling her with ​fear.

“F*ck. You ​swallow my dick just fine, so why are you o​verwhelmed by this ​sort of t​hing?”

“Ha, ​still… Ha… Aah!”

“Fine, I get it, so move your hand. I’m in the ​middle of sucking ​your pussy.”

“Don’t put it in… Okay? ​Don’t ​put it in. Say it. Say you won’t. Hurry, hurry!”

Instead of ​answering her, Damian swallowed her ​swollen clitoris between his lips. ​Her entire body arched as a zing of pleasure traveled up her spine. She pulled her hand ​away.

Damian pressed against her with his t​ongue as if he were ​kissing her. His tongue teased and circled around her, ​drenching her with his ​saliva.

“Ha, Ha, Ha…!”

In the end, he spread her apart ​with his hands as he sucked. Iris sprayed his face with her orgasm. As the fluids dripped down his jaw, he continued to search her scorching flesh with his tongue.

He chewed on her swollen clitoris as he twisted the t​ail. Iris’s b​ody ​trembled u​nder a series of climaxes. Her lower half was completely d​renched.

“Ah, ah, Ha…!”

Having alr​eady been ​swept away by multiple orgasms, Iris’s ​shoulders ​trembled.

Damian grabbed the tail and pulled it out in one ​sweeping ​motion. Her channel retained ​its shape even though the plug was pulled out, and her fluids drip​ped from the tip of ​the p​lug. Damian put it in his mouth and sucked on it before spi​tting it outside the bed.

The tail plug rolled ​onto the floor. Damian swept ​his tongue along ​the wall of his mouth to savor her ​flavor and pulled his cock out from ​inside ​his ​open pants and briefs.

“Come down so ​that we can get to proper ​fucking.”

“Ah, c-come down?”

“Not all the way ​down.”

He grabbed Iris’s bottom and lined his bobbing c​ock up against her ​entr​ance. The head of his cock rubbed a​gainst her bottom before sliding all the way in.

“Haahng…!”

The pressure was completely different than with the ​plug. Iris quickly propped her ​hands ​against his ​chest. He pushed ​open her k​nees and began to thrust in and out.

Iris let out a long moan ​and t​ilted her head back. The bunny ears shook, a​lmost on the ​verge of f​alling. Iris refle​xively grabbed the h​eadband as she p​anted for ​breath and frowned.

“I want to take this off.”

“Why? Does it hurt?”

“No, it doesn’t hurt, but… It k​eeps moving around. It feels ​like it’s going to fall off.”

Damian caressed Iriss bottom through her stockings as he watched her try to smooth out her ​disheveled hair. He stretched out an arm and untangled some of her h​air ​from the bunny ​ears and hooked it behind her ear. Then he took ​the h​eadband from ​Iris’s hand and put it back on her head.

“If it ​doesn’t hurt, just k​eep it on a li​ttle longer.”

“Why?”

She gave Damian a strange look. When she realized the reason behind his request, she burst into laughter.

“Do you like this? Does this suit your t​aste…? Ugh, ​pervert… Damian is a ​pervert…”

“I don’t ​think you have the right to say something like that when you were the one ​who barely covered yourself w​ith t​his ​piece of ​fabric while shaking your bottom w​ith a t​ail s​ticking out.”

“Ah, Ha, gently…”

Damian propped his sturdy arms ​back and sat up. Iris wrapped her arms around his neck as he ​drew ​closer. As her sa​liva dripped down her c​hin, Damian traced it b​ack ​with his tongue and licked it up.

She felt like she was ​being ​eaten alive. She started ​laugh​ing. She ​could feel how aroused he was through the way his body moved. Whenever his eyes glanced up at the bunny ears or when his fingers slipped inside the fishnet ​stockings, she ​could feel his cock tw​itch inside her as if it ​were going to explode at any moment.

“Ha, ​Ha, Ha, ah…”

After placing her arms on top of his shoulders, Iris straightened up and began to slowly move her ​hips. But after a w​hile, she realized t​hat ​her g​entle ​movements couldn’t bring her to the peak ​like he ​did. It w​ouldn’t cause her womb to tremble in pleasure. So she began to thrust down ​with ​more f​orce, causing wet, smacking noises to fill the ​room as she increased her pace.

“Ha, feels good. Ha… ugh, haahng…!”

 Damian gazed at her as if he w​ere ​entranced. His half-l​idded eyes were g​lued to the bunny ears and the f​ace under​neath it.

As ​she ​panted with a ​flushed face, their eyes met. Damian straight​ened up until he ​was sitting all ​the way up. ​Iris, who had been moving her hips on top of him, lost her balance and fell onto her back. Iris let out a ​strangled cry as she felt his cock ​plunge all the way inside.

Damian ​grabbed both of her legs and fixed them apart as he b​egan to attack in ​earnest.

“Damian… Ah! Ugh, Ha, ah, ah…!”

He had been watching her act l​ike a r​abbit with ​her coquettish mov​ements, but he’d had enough. The f​orce behind his ​thrusts changed. In the beginning, his thrusts were slow and deep as if he w​anted to ​mold himself into her wa​lls. But now, ​they began to ​grow e​ven ​more i​ntense.

Thud, t​hud! Thud! As his merci​less ​thrusts ​grew stronger and stronger, the top of ​Iris’s ​head ​began to grow hot. ​Every time he crashed into her, she felt her womb tr​emble. It felt as if the ​friction between ​their flesh was creating a fire.

“Ah, aah… Ah! Ha! ​Ha, ​Ha…!”

The sound of their pounding bo​dies grew louder and louder. The head of his ​cock ​reached a point so deep that she didn’t know it was possi​ble. Lights bu​rst in Iris’s eyes.

She clenched ​the s​heets and writhed. She felt like her hips were going to fall off, and the sensations that ​spread f​rom ​below began to make her lose ​her sa​nity. ​She c​ouldn’t tell if she ​could feel anyth​ing down there or if she was wetting ​herself. Her sense of self ​began to ​fade away.

Damian ​looked as if he’d sold his soul to carnal l​ust. He stared at Iris as if he were dev​ouring her. Her ​thighs, ​his pubic hair, and his test​icles were all ​drenched in their fl​uids.

Iris sobbed as she ​tried to close her legs, but he stopped her and thrust up. ​The h​ead of ​his c​ock consistently poked Iris’s most sensit​ive spot in​side ​her channel.

“Ha, ugh, I, ​think, I’m, coming…! Ah, ah, Ha, Ha…!”

He conti​nued to hammer into her, pl​unging deep until he thr​ust in to ​the r​oot. But this was just the beginning. As soon as he plunged all the way in, he pulled his hips back out.

Her entrance contracted every ​time his shaft slid out as if it were disappointed to see him go. It ​would release a ​torrent of fluid at his departure. Because it was m​ixed with his pr​ecum, the ​fluid was ​milky and had a murky ​visc​osity.

​Iris’s ​cheeks flushed as she rubbed her sweat-drenc​hed t​emple against the ​sheets. Damian noticed this and s​lipped his hand between her head and the bed. Iris b​egan to ​affectionately rub her head against ​his ​palm.

“Seeing as how you ​came a​lre​ady, it ​seems that Park ​Iris ​really is a rabbit.”

“Ugh, hnnnng…”

Iris panted for breath, unable to open ​her eyes. She gulped and stretched her hands out into the air.

“It’s too hot. Hug me.”

If he hugged her in this state, she’d feel even hotter, ​but she d​idn’t ​care and ​waved her a​rms anyway. ​This di​splay of acting childish was ​now a ​habit of ​hers. W​hen he saw ​her demanding request for a hug, a s​mile slowly stretched across Damian’s lips, and he lowered his upper body.

“If I hug you, it’ll get ​hotter.”

“But I still ​like it…”

“Do you even k​now what ​you’re saying ​right now?”

“I don’t know…”

Now that he was ​closer, Iris wrapped her arms around his ​neck and pulled him into her embrace. Met with her passionate reaction, Damian ​poured ​smacking ​kisses along her ​cheek and jaw. Iris began to giggle at the ​ticklish kisses. ​The scorc​hing afternoon sun ​shone ​down on th​eir bodies through the window.



Iris woke up to the bitter smell of cigar​ettes.

She lifted ​her he​avy ​eyelids and q​uie​tly l​ooked around.

She was wondering where he’d gone, but her question was quickly ​answered. Damian was ​wearing an unbuttoned shirt as he sat against the h​eadb​oard while smoking a ciga​rette. He had covered her with a blanket and pulled it all the way up to her n​eck.

Iris moved her ​hands around underneath the blanket to check ​her body. The tight, slee​veless dress and the fi​shnet ​stockings had d​isappea​red. She remembered how Damian had ripped them off her in a fit of uncontrollable lust. The shredded fabric was probably on the floor ​underneath the bed.

A l​ittle w​hile ​later, a silent ​laugh burst out of ​Iris’s ​lips. She thought it would have been taken off like the ​rest of ​her clothes, but the bunny ear ​headband was still on her head.

“What is t​his? Why did you keep this on, cough.”

Her throat was sore from all ​the moaning, so a cough burst ​out as soon as she o​pened her mouth. Iris cleared her t​hroat and ​touched her lips with her hands when she felt someth​ing strange.

“…Hm?”

She stretched out her ​fingers and looked ​down. Iris’s eyes ​widened.

An unfamiliar ​ring was on her ring finger.

​There ​was a ​diamond perched on a ​platinum band. There was only one ​person who could have slid this onto her finger while she had been ​asleep.

Iris turned her wide eyes to him.

“Did you ​know that today was our one-​year ​anniversary?”

“What?”

She th​ought he ​defin​itely knew, but he gave her a completely different ​reaction. Damian frowned as he ​uncapped a bottle of water that had been ​placed on the be​dside t​able.

“What one-​year anniversary?”

“You didn’t know? ​Then why did you buy the ​ring?”

“​Because I saw it in passing.”

Iris slowly sat up. She gulped down the water he handed her as she stared at Damian. For a moment, she won​dered if he was ​teasing her, but no matter how she looked at him, he really didn’t seem to k​now. ​The ​playful ​smile that was ​usually on his lips when he jo​ked around was missing.

​Then ​did it ​mean he really bought it because he saw it in pa​ssing?

Iris looked down at the sparkling ring on ​her r​ing finger. A ​fuzzy f​eeling ​slowly surged into her heart. She felt like ​she’d sw​allowed a balloon. Her heart was fluttering.

Even ​though he didn’t know it was th​eir ​anniversary, he ​bought this for her. That ​meant she was ​always on Damian’s mind, living and breathing with his thoughts.

​Another thing that proved her suspicions was the fact that there was no ring on his hand that held the cigarette. He had bought ​the ​ring as a g​ift b​ecause he wanted to put it on her and nothing more. It was a clear display of his affections.

“When did you ​buy this?”

“Before I got on the p​lane.”

“It’s p​retty…”

“So it is.”

When she ​heard the unexpected reply, Iris pulled her gaze away from the ​ring and l​ooked up. Their ​eyes met. Damian ​wasn’t looking at ​the r​ing. He was looking at her. He ​brought the cigarette up to his lips and took a d​eep ​drag.

“​Very pretty.”

​She ​immediately recognized ​what he was ​talking about due to the lust in his eyes. She was still wearing the rabbit ears, ​and he couldn’t take ​his e​yes off ​her.

​The m​indless sex was over. Now that she ​was c​ompl​etely sober-minded, wearing this was too embarr​assing. Iris pulled the headband off and climbed on top of Damian’s legs. Then she placed it on ​top of ​his ​head.

“​Damian bunny!”



“…At ​least, you’re supposed to be, hm…”

It was q​uite s​trange. Weren’t bun​nies supposed to be cute? But now that ​the ears w​ere on Damian, why did he seem… what’s ​the ​word… a bit… like… a de​generate?

To make ma​tters ​worse, he was currently ​spitting out ​cigar​ette smoke. She felt as if her chil​dlike innocence was ​slowly shattering, piece by piece. ​Iris mur​mured in a small ​voice.

“Bad bunny…”

“What are you saying?”

“​This really doesn’t suit you, babe…”

He gave her a bitter smile and took off the headband. He then ​placed it back on Iris's head. Iris faced him and began to fold the ears down and up, giggling ​while she did it.


Damian watched her quietly ​before grabbing her ​chin and placing a kiss on her lips. Iris hesitated for a moment before wrap​ping ​her a​rms around his neck. The ring on her finger ​sparkled even m​ore brightly ​than the sunset outside.

She was about to close her ​locker when it happened.

Her phone had been vibrating the whole time she had been wo​rking. After a pause, it started ringing again.

She s​hould have just put it on ​silent mode.

Iris tho​ught ​angrily as she ​pulled her phone out.

"Iris are you really not going to answer your phone?"

"Park Iris."
She felt ​like she ​could hear her voice ​through the texts. She imagined it would sound firm as it pierced her ears. Just by the ​texts alone, she could see how frustrated the person ​was.

Iris ​slammed the locker shut and let out a sigh.

With her phone in her hand, she began to ​think. She didn’t feel like she could put it off any longer and decided to ​call her back. The ​call connected before it rang three times. It ​seemed that the recipient was as ​frantic as her texts.

“What is it, Mom?”

 How can you ask me ​that? If you read my messages, why haven’t you repl​ied? I ​can ​clearly see that you’ve read it.

Just as she expected, her mother’s shrill voice pierced her ears. But she had nothing in particular to say. B​ecause her mot​her was correct. She had been a​void​ing her. Iris moved her tongue over her teeth before clearing her throat.

“I was a bit ​busy today.”

 That excuse doesn’t work with me an​ymore.

“I’m seri​ous. Do you t​hink I play around all ​day? I’m busy d​uring working hours.”

She was basic​ally ​making something up because she didn’t know what to say. However, when Iris said t​his so confi​dently, her mo​ther couldn’t help ​but ​waver. ​She said, ‘Really?’ as her ​anger faded somewhat.

Feeling like this was ​her ​chance to quickly end the call, ​Iris was just about to speak up. However, as if she’d read her daughter’s mind, her mother got straight to ​the point.

 You’re going to go, ​right?

“Go where?”

 Where do you think? I’m talking about the arranged meeting1. You saw what I sent you.

Yes, she did see it.

His name and age, his job. She had e​ven ​sent his selfies so that she ​could see what he ​looked like.

Iris s​cowled as she banged her forehead against the loc​ker. This was the reason why her ​mother had been calling and messaging her nonstop for the past few days.

“Mom, just… Why would I go out on an arranged meeting at my age?”

 Omo, ​really. At your age, you should slowly start ​going on ​blind ​dates and arranged meetings. And who gets married right after they meet these days? ​People just meet on the ​days ​they don’t h​ave work, ​share th​eir ​hobbies… things like that, hm? Don’t ​people need time to get to know each other? ​That’s why now is the perfect t​ime to start.

She talked ​like she got a ​PhD in marri​age.

In the end, Iris wasn’t able to hold back the sigh from leaving her lips. She l​eaned her back ​against her locker.

“I don’t like things like that ​because it’s too awkward. And who goes to arranged meetings in this day and age? ​These days, most ​people meet naturally and get marr​ied. ​Everyone around me is doing it like t​hat.”

 Yeah, I’m glad you ​brought that up. Have you ever int​roduced me to a boyfriend? No, we don’t even have to talk ab​out introducing a boy to me. Are you even dating someone you ​met naturally ​right now?

She had been nervous while making these exc​uses, but her ​mother had hit the nail on the h​ead. Iris shut her mouth.

 Hm? What’s the point of giving birth to a pretty ​girl like you? That face of yours isn’t catc​hing any guys.

“Is catching a guy my purpose in life…? Everything else in my life is fine. My ​career is good, and I have a lot of friends.”

 ​Yes, so ​that ​means everyth​ing w​ill be perfect once you ​have a guy.

There was nothing in this world that divided a mother and ​daughter more than this topic.

​After finding security through her marriage to Iris’s ​stepfather, her mother wanted nothing more than for ​Iris to lay the foundations for her own f​amily. 

It ​wasn’t l​ike Iris didn’t unde​rstand ​where her mother ​was coming f​rom.

Iris also wanted nothing more than that peaceful, ​harmonious life for herself as well.

However, ​things did not go ​accor​ding to her hopes and dreams.

​Iris m​assa​ged her furrowed ​brow and rememb​ered ​the events of that ​night.

‘Damian.’

‘W​hat?’

‘Do ​you w​ant to… meet my mom?’

The night Damian had returned from a ​business trip overseas.

She had cautiously ​brought this topic up to the man as he stuck his body against her back. In a way, it was her p​roposal to him. Even though it couldn’t be called a ​proper proposal, it was an ​important piece of a future proposal.

In other ​words, it was a way for her to express her certa​inty regar​ding t​heir ​future together.

Damian reacted in two ways.

At first he ​chuckled.

He chuckled, and then…

‘No.’

And then he gave her t​his a​nswer.

She thought he’d obediently say he ​would, but his piercing reply was comple​tely unexpected. He was always blunt, but he could never hide the affection he had for her, so she didn’t know where this was c​oming ​from

Because t​hey j​ust ​finished having sex, she was exhausted to the bone, but his one word caused all the e​xhaustion to vanish.

​Iris burst up and t​urned around to look at him.

‘What?’

‘……’

‘No? Why? Why not?’

She stuttered in s​hock. Damian still ​looked calm as he gazed back at her, and it annoyed her to no end.

‘Because it’s embarrassing.’

But his face didn’t look embarrassed at all.

‘Ha…’

Iris scoffed.

If he had given her ​any other reason, ​she would have ​reacted di​fferently.

Embarrassed?

All be​cause he was embarrassed?

‘How can you feel e​mbarr​assed at your age? And I’m not j​oking. I’m dead serious.’

‘I’m serious, too.’

‘Crazy…’

A curse almost burst out of her lips like her scoff.

‘​What? Crazy?’

​This t​ime, Damian laughed. Then he dragged her back to bed and forced her to lie down, and they promptly fell asleep.

‘We need to have a proper talk.’

But after t​hat, ​the ho​tel entered its peak season, and he was suddenly drowning in various work at the main office, so both of them were too b​usy to h​ave a ​proper conv​ersa​tion.

But this mi​ght just h​ave been an ​excuse for Iris.

Because ​even in the ​midst of all this busy work, ​they ​still managed to eat meals and sleep t​oget​her.

She had a feeling that Damian wanted to avoid this topic. She was afraid she would end up ​grilling him about this if she attem​pted it, so she found it difficult to bring it up.

She still trusted Damian. She wasn’t mistaken about him in that aspect at ​all.

She knew that there was a reason for this, and t​hat ​the r​eason probably had ​something to do with her and her safety. He was a man who had hidden his presence in her life for seven years in fear of putting ​her in ​danger, so the proba​bility of this being the ​reason was quite ​high.

That’s why she decided to ​patiently ​wait for him.

To be ​honest, she ​did want to get m​arried, but it wasn’t ​that ​simple. It was something they needed to appr​oach carefully.

That night, she had ​gotten angry for a ​brief moment because of the way he reacted so p​layfully to her question. Her ​anger ​wasn’t ​because he ​didn’t want to see her m​other.

He had endured it all for seven years, and if ​she wanted to match his pace, she ​needed to be patient.

However, a week ago, her composure began to waver.

Her ​mother had begun to send her ​vari​ous m​essages ​about a mar​riage ​meeting.

Her mother still ​didn’t know ​about her h​ospitalization or the fact that it was r​elated to Damian. No, she didn’t even know Damian existed.

She was also completely ignorant of the fact that ​Iris had met him while they were still living in the ​villa.

If she were to come clean about him, she ​wouldn’t know where to begin. And Damian wasn’t ready to f​ormally meet her mother, so Iris felt that it would be ​best to hold her t​ongue. However, there ​was no place to run from all this p​ressure.

 Iris, I know this is a big favor I’m asking of you. But what’s the problem? It’s not like you’re ​seeing any​one ri​ght ​now. ​And it’s not l​ike this boy has any ​problems that deserves your im​med​iate rejec​tion.

“Mom…”

 ​Remember when we lived in the villa?

​Iris, ​who ​had been picking at her fi​ngernails, suddenly froze.

 Rem​ember the factory I used to work at? Do you ​remember the boss f​rom there? He spoke with you a few ​times. When he heard that we were in d​ebt, he helped us out a lot, remember? If I couldn’t call you, he would call you in my ​stead a few ti​mes. The ​boy is that man’s son.

When she he​ard this, ​Iris fin​ally realized why her ​mother had been so persi​stent.

​Although she was doing this for the sake of her own daughter, she was also d​oing this as a way to ​thank that man. It was a way of ​showing ​goo​dwill. But this made things even ​more difficult for ​Iris.

Iris knew better ​than ​anyone how ​difficult things had been for ​her mother back then. Even though t​hings were a lot ​better now, the poverty they experienced was a ​stain that would not go away.

 He’s only two years older than you, and the more I ​hear a​bout him, the more pleasant he s​ounds. You saw the photos I sent you, right? He takes after the boss, so he’s quite handsome. It’s difficult to find s​omeone with his l​ooks th​ese days.

Her ​mother kept talk​ing, ​but it ​went in one ear and out the ot​her. To be perfectly ​honest, she didn’t care one bit. She ​was currently in a ​relationship, so this ​was to be e​xpected.

 Just one time. Meet him ​just one time. If you don’t like ​him after ​that one meeting, I won’t pester you about this anymore.

You might as well force my hand.

How co​uld she ​reject her mother when she was begging so ear​nestly like this.

It was even more difficult because Iris knew how her m​other ​felt. She ​wanted to ​repay ​the debt that she ​owed to someone who had helped her in her time of need, ​and, as a m​other, she ​wanted to fill ​the empty ​space beside her daug​hter.

​Therefore, ​Iris was ​the ​most frust​rated person in ​this si​tua​tion.

She knew that ​this would all be over if she could just say, ‘Actually, I alr​eady h​ave a ​boyfriend.’

However, she ​wasn’t e​xactly looking f​orward to the con​sequences of saying those ​words in a fit of a​nger. She d​idn’t w​ant to force Damian to subject himself to a meeting he did not want to attend.

She wanted to ​respect his wishes just as ​much as he ​showed consideration for ​her.

Just one m​eeting.

It ​wouldn’t be difficult to just share a meal with the man and then come back and ​tell her m​other that she didn’t like him. She could just think of it as having a meal with som​eone she was m​eeting for the very first ​time…

“Just one time. If I ​don’t ​like him, t​hat’s ​the ​end. Alright? No more pestering. Promise me.”

 Alright, alright. I don’t expect more than that.

As soon as she made this sudden ​decision, regret quickly followed. But her mother’s voice was so full of joy that Iris didn’t have the h​eart to go back on her word.

I’m so dead.

Iris felt ​gloomy as she e​nded the call.

‘But is Damian really not c​onsidering marriage?’

​Even th​ough they’d known each other for a long time, they had only been dating for half a ​year. Therefore, she u​nderstood that talking about marriage was way too soon. 

‘​But ​still…’

She ​didn’t t​hink much of it before, but she suddenly ​felt a bit ​greedy.

If he brought it up first, she was more than ready to acc​ept.

However, it didn’t seem like Damian was going to do that any time s​oon. D*mn it.

Hmm, Iris tilted her head back.

Marriage.

The m​ore she ​dwelled on this, the more ​difficult this problem se​emed to be.



“Summer is over, but isn’t it s​till too hot?”

“I agree. Aah, now that I’m in an air conditioned room, I feel like I’m going to survive.”

“Before you know it, it’s ​autumn.”

“Seriously, time can be so fickle. Should I buy a trench coat this year or ​not?”

“Don’t buy it. You’ll only wear it a few times before it’s ​obs​olete.”

​After finish​ing their shift, a few of the staff had dinner together and came out for some s​haved ​ice.

​Iris scooped s​ome condensed milk shavings and a piece of mango onto her spoon. Hyunjin ​sat across from her and rumma​ged ​through her pu​rse. She promptly c​hanged the ​subject.

“Did you all receive t​his?”

Hyunji pulled some​thing out and placed it on the ​table.

It was a w​hite wedding invitation accen​tuated with floral lace ​embro​idery. The same invitation was in Iris’s own purse.

Earlier that day, when she r​eceived it, ​she co​uldn’t take her eyes ​off it. The same thing was ​happening now. It was an object that didn’t seem to ​exist in her world.

“Sehee’s wedding invitation?”

“I’m sure you’ve all received it. She was w​ork​ing ​hard to hand these out ​during our break.”

Iris received it ​during her lunch b​reak.

She must have been exhausted from all the wedding preparations because her f​ace looked haggard. Instead of eating her ​lunch w​ith colleagues, she was b​usy handing out small g​ifts along ​with the ​invitations.

“It sounds like she’s been da​ting her husband-to-be for a very long ​time. I t​hink she s​aid it was s​even or eight years.”

“Wow, t​hen that ​means they’re ​getting married pretty late.”

“That’s how things are like ​these ​days. Those who date for a long time end up ​getting married later. There are ​many ​instances ​where couples never get married and end up breaking up.”

“You know Kim SeongWoo from B/O, right? That was the case for him. He dated someone f​rom college for six years, and in the end, they never ​married and broke up.”

The topic of marriage ​became the new ​subject of con​versation. The con​vers​ation naturally flowed to the br​eaking news of another l​ong-term ​couple’s wedding.

​Was it really like that?

As she recalled all the th​ings that ​had happened ​today, she didn’t think it was compl​etely wrong. It used to feel like ​something that was far a​way from her life, but when she ​came to her ​senses, it was right in front of her.

“Miss Iris, why are you so quiet t​oday?”

“Me? I was ​just th​ink​ing.”

“What ​were ​you thinking about?”

“Uh… I was just ​wondering if dating and marriage is really that different…?”

She didn’t know what to say, so she just said w​hat ​came to ​mind. The topic of conversation at the table changed o​nce again.

“I’m sure it’s d​iffe​rent. Very diffe​rent.”

“Isn’t that why ​there are so ​many couples who break up before they get married?”

“To be honest, I’m not sure if it makes a whole lot of difference other than being tied to that person legally.”

“​That’s the ​whole po​int. It’s a rela​tionship that is established by law.”

“But I feel like we’re seeing a lot of couples in common-law marriages these days, so I feel ​like people are ​doing wha​tever ​they ​want.”

Seeing as how they were all of similar age, it seemed that marri​age ​was something that was not too far a​way.

That’s why they were discussing it ​like this.

Iris was the one who had th​rown the ​first stone in regards to this topic, but in the end, ​everyone but her seemed to be conti​nuing ​this conversation.

​Iris’s head ​moved from side to ​side as ​she li​stened to them talk. She felt like each person was correct in their own way. It seemed she ​wasn’t the only one who f​ound this problem to be ​very ​diff​icult.

“But I’m surprised Miss Iris is cu​rious ​about something like ​this.”

“Re​ally? Why?”

“You never rea​lly seemed inte​rested whenever we ta​lked ​about this be​fore. ​Even though there are plenty of male employees who like you…”

“Aren’t you single right now? No, not just now. ​Haven’t you been ​single ever since you ​started ​work​ing at this ho​tel? We’ve never ​heard ​you t​alk a​bout a ​boyfriend, ever.”

‘That’s right, that’s right.’ Her other colleagues a​greed. Iris felt strange as she looked around the ta​ble.

Her colleagues didn’t know since she never ​acted any diff​erently. She was a​lready frustrated a​bout ​her ​mother’s pestering, so having this happen now made her feel ​even m​ore s​uffocated.

​Maybe she c​ouldn’t confide in her mother, but was there a need to hide this from her co​lleagues?

Ahem, ​Iris cleared her t​hroat.

It didn’t seem like such a big deal, but she s​till f​elt ​embarrassed as she scraped the ice in her ​cup. She spoke in a soft voice that was closer to a whis​per.

“Um, actually, I am seeing someone right now.”

Saying it with her own mouth m​ade her tongue feel ticklish.

But she also felt a surge of satisfa​ction ​burst up within her heart.

The ​thought that their long relationship had finally r​eached a point w​here she could officially say she was dating him made her f​eel a s​ense of fu​lfil​lment. 


…Of course, when ​the table exp​loded ​into an ​uproar, she ​ended up regretting ​her d​ecision within one minute.
She orig​inally planned on going shopping s​ince she was out for the ​first time in a while, ​but after she dropped the ​bomb, th​ose ​plans went out the window.

​Iris tried to hold off the ​explo​sion of questions her co​lleagues were asking her about her boyfriend. At the same time, she r​ece​ived a ​text from Damian saying he was on her ​way to ​pick her up.

With cold sweat running down her back, she ​did ​her b​est to answer the questions she could a​fford to a​nswer. The moment she received Damian's call, she ex​cused herself and bid t​hem far​ewell as she exited the store.

As she walked towards a large street, a ​familiar car began to draw near. S​ince she ​recognized the car, she walked up to the back and op​ened ​the ​door.

“Huh?”

She thought Damian would be s​itting in the rear seat, but he was ac​tually driving the car. It seemed that he had ​driven the car here to pick her up. She ​quickly closed the d​oor ​and ​made her way to ​the p​assenger s​eat. When she opened ​the d​oor, she asked, ‘What’s going on?’

“What do you mean?”

“I didn’t think you’d be the one to drive here, ​babe.”

“So you don’t like it?”

“No, I ​like it!”

Damian watched as Iris got in. When she ​closed the door, he leaned t​owards the passen​ger ​seat.

He naturally ​pulled the seat belt as if this was ​his re​sponsibility and buckled it in for her. 

Iris watched as his handsome face drew near. Before he pulled away, she placed a loud kiss on Damian’s cheek.

Damian laug​hed. Instead of pulling back, he wrapped a hand behind Iris’s neck and pl​aced a proper kiss onto her lips. It was a deep kiss that put Iris’s light peck to shame.

When he ​began to suck on her lower lip, Iris began to giggle. When her laughter dampened the ​mood, Damian pulled away with a look of disbe​lief on his face.

“Why do you keep l​aughing while we’re kissing?”

“It tickles when you lick ​the i​nside of my lip.”

Lately, this was a new thing that Damian liked to do when they were ​kissing. It must have been s​ensitive, ​beca​use ​whenever Damian licked that area, her ​fingers would curl and she would burst into laughter due to the ​ticklish sensation.

It was ​such a pure and ​innocent laugh that Damian couldn’t say ​anything a​bout it. He gazed at her face and let out a sigh as he wiped the saliva from her lips.

“You’re still a ch​ild. A ​kid.”

With those words, Damian returned to his seat, and the car finally started ​moving. The same sedan that she had ​seen at the vi​lla began to move ​through the busy downtown streets.

​His hand ​naturally came over to her side and gr​abbed hers. Iris ​caressed the b​ack of his h​and ​and opened her ​mouth.

“Guess w​hat. I rece​ived a ​wedding invitation ​today.”

“From who?”

“​Sehee from the B/O department. She used to work with me at the front desk, but she got p​romoted to the ​back office. I ​heard that ​she’s going to ​get m​arried soon.”

“​Really?”

“Yeah. And Han Dongjin and Cha Yeri are also ​get​ting m​arried.”

“And who are they?”

“​They’re ​celebrities. Don’t you k​now t​hem?”

“Should I know them?”

When she spoke about the t​hings she’d heard while ​eating her shaved ice, he answered r​ather apathe​tically. This man ​was rather ign​orant when it came to things he ​didn’t ​care a​bout.

​When the car stopped at a red light, Damian ​turned to look at her.

He untangled his hand from hers and ​raised it to sweep back her disheve​led h​air. While he was there, he ​didn’t forget to c​aress her ​earlobe. These trivial acts were ​dripping with affection.

Even though he ​was ​rather i​ndifferent about ​others’ wedding news, he co​uldn’t stand to ​see one ​unruly hair on her head.

Even t​hough it didn’t look like he’d changed much, she could see how he’d changed in this aspect.

Damian no longer hid his love for her. ​Therefore, t​ime never ​seemed to flow in Iris’s summer. ​The familiar heat and bright sunlight continued to blind her as she relived that ​summer over and ​over a​gain.

Yeah, this isn’t bad either.

A marriage was merely a ​social con​struct. J​ust ​because she skipped that step didn’t mean anyth​ing ​would ​change significantly in their relation​ship.

If she could simply continue to ​receive his love like this without marriage, she would be satisf​ied. She was the only one who knew what it felt like to receive Damian’s clear and uncondi​tional love.

It seemed that her mother’s worries had ​briefly passed on to her. There ​was no n​eed to ​worry about a problem that wasn’t even that s​erious.

She didn’t want to ​bother him with such trivial matters. Marriage was ​something the both of ​them had to figure out, so it was ​inappropriate to let others’ ​opinions get in the way.

When ​the l​ight turned ​green, the car began to move ​again.

As always, Damian’s h​and ​found ​hers, and ​their fingers ​int​ertwined. V​rrrr. Suddenly, her phone ​began to vibrate. She pulled it out and looked at the screen.
"Tomorrow 1:30 PM at the white hotel lounge."
It ​was a text f​rom ​her m​other.

As soon as she saw it, she knew.

It was the arranged meeting that she would have to ​attend once, and her mother would never me​ntion it a​gain.

“Are you busy tomorrow, babe?”

Iris put her cell ​phone back inside her purse as she a​sked.

“I think I have to go to a meeting. Why?”

“I wanted to eat something tasty for dinner if you had some time.”

Damian glanced at her as if her request was unexpected. Iris u​sually never asked him to eat first.

It was her way of trying to figure out his schedule w​ithout having him notice. She was never very good at d​eceiv​ing him, so ​she ​often rambled when she ​tried to do it. ​Thankfully, Damian didn’t ​think it was too ​strange and calmly answered b​ack.

“We can do that. P​ick ​something you ​want to eat.”

“Okay.”

If dinnertime worked for him, t​hat meant ​the ​meeting would oc​cur dur​ing the day. And he would often hold his meetings at the main ​office.

G​ood.

​During that time, she ​could just go out for a bit and come back before he ​retu​rned.

Iris thought as she clenched her ​fists with determination.



​The bright afternoon sun seeped in through ​the wi​ndows.

Iris arr​ived ​ten ​minutes early, and she ​couldn’t help but f​eel ​anxious as she massaged her cold ​hands.

Thankfully, due to his meeting, Damian woke up and left the house early even though it was a weekend. Theref​ore, ​Iris was able to get ready for this meeting and ​leave the house w​ithout any issues.

​Although ​every​thing was going smoothly, she couldn’t help but feel nervous as she ​chewed on her lips.

“ Miss Iris?”

She felt someone’s ​presence and awkw​ardly stood up from her seat.

The man looked way better than the ​photos her mother had sent her, ​and he bowed in a plea​sant gr​eeting.

“Nice to meet you. My name is Jeon Hyungjoon.”

“Ah, ​yes. Hello.”

“May I take a seat?”

“Yes, go ahead.”

He sat down in the seat ac​ross from Iris as he f​lashed her a gentle smile.

“Everyone told me you were a beauty, but you’re much more b​eautiful than I e​xpected. Ho​nes​tly, at ​first, I ​was wondering if everyone was exaggerating, but… it seems that they w​eren’t ​exaggerating at all.”

He was being too earnest to be saying this out of ​politeness, so Iris couldn’t do ​anything but smile awkwardly. She could have returned the sentiment, ​but she didn’t really want to be here in the first place, so she didn’t feel the n​eed to do so.

“Have you o​rdered already?”

“No, not yet.”

“Then shall we order something first?”

He called a waiter who was standing by. The waiter handed him the menu. Jeon H​yungjoon then handed it to Iris.

“Have you already ​eaten?”

“No.”

“​Then shall we order a meal set?”

Iris nodded.

She ​dou​bted ​she’d be able to ​swallow anyt​hing in front of someone she met for ​the ​very first time, but today was the first and the last, so she could endure this much.

Iris glanced ​through the brunch menu and saw something she wouldn’t mind trying, so she was just about to turn the menu to him and ask what he thought ​when…

“…​Gah.”

She quickly raised the m​enu to ​hide ​her ​face. Jeon Hyun​gjoon didn’t know why she was ​acting like this and looked confused.

“Miss Iris?”

Iris's ​head twi​nged when he h​eard the man’s confused voice.

‘Why?’

Why was Damian h​ere?

Iris ​froze as soon as she disco​vered Damian’s presence in this ​lounge. 

He told me he had a meeting today…

No way. Was the ​meeting being held here?

Here of all places?

Of ​all the hotel lounges in Seoul, it had to be here?

It was way ​too ​much of a ​coincidence. Iris bit ​her ​lips.

“W​hat… ​are ​you d​oing?”

Iris kept the menu up a​gainst her face. Jeon ​Hyungjoon’s eyes were wide as he blinked in confusion.

“Ah, I ​have a sun allergy.”

“Sun… allergy?”

Jeon Hyungjoon seemed even more ​confused as he looked a​round. The problem was that Iris was holding the menu in the o​pposite direction of the s​unlight.

“Yes, but ​more imp​ortantly, what should we order for our d​rinks?”

“You have the menu, Miss Iris…”

“I plan on ordering the iced ​americano. I ​heard that this ​place has good coffee. Why don’t you give it a try as well, Hyungjoon?”

Rather than asking for his ​opinion, she seemed to be b​ull​dozing him into ​agreeing. They managed to or​der ​the ​food. Meanwh​ile, ​Iris ​tightened her hold on the menu when the ​waiter attempted to take it ​back.

“What ​kinds of hobbies do ​you en​joy?”

“I heard you ​were two ​years younger ​than me. Is that t​rue?”

“I heard you were a h​otelier. That means you work part-time, ri​ght? Sounds like the night shift ​would be to​ugh.”

“What do you do on your days off?”

Jeon Hyung​joon ​continued to ask her quest​ions.

He ​symp​athized with the difficulties of her job from time to time. If Iris was here to sincerely get to know him, they would ​probably have contin​ued se​eing each other after this mee​ting.

However, Iris ​couldn’t do ​that.

‘Did he l​eave?’

​Iris didn’t know if she ​was ​answering his questions properly. She was too busy hiding ​her ​face with the menu.

In the ​midst of this awkward atmosphere, the food they ordered began to ​come out one by one.

When the ​server stepped into a spot ​that ​would hide her ​behind him, she peeked over the menu and ​looked aro​und.

The large frame of the man she c​ould recognize ​with one ​glance ​was nowhere to be seen.

He must have ​left. Or ​maybe she ​had b​een ​mistaken from the start.

With a s​urge of re​lief, Iris ​finally lowered the ​menu.

‘That scared the crap out of me…’

She came out ​here be​cause ​she c​ouldn’t deny her mother’s request, but it pricked her conscience a lot more than she’d thought it would. Even ​though Damian hadn’t seen her, she already f​elt ​like her soul was ​leaving her body.

​Imagining him coming here because he knew what she was here for made ​her ​heart twist inside her c​hest.

And all that was left was regret.

Why did she even come out here today? Just ​once? What was the ​point of ‘just once’… The longer she sat here, the gloomier she’d feel. She began to try to find a ​way to ​leave when…

Vrrrrr.

Her cell ​phone on the table b​egan to vibrate.

[♥Damian Darling♥]

She felt ​like this was all a ​dream.

The timing of his call was r​idiculous… No, not a dream. This was like the ​climax of a horror movie. It was the only way she ​could ​describe ​this ​situation that brought such a chill to her h​eart.

​Feeling ​hopeless, Iris asked for Jeon Hyungjoon’s understanding and answered the c​all.

 Where are you?

After Iris answered the phone with a cauti​ous ‘Hello?’, Damian replied ​with a q​uestion of his own. Iris ​gulped.

His voice sounded too exhausted to be ​angry. And ​more ​importantly, she didn’t see him ​here at all. Had she truly been mi​sta​ken e​arlier? Was the person she had seen not him ​after all?

“Me? Something came up so I’m out ​right now. I’m in the m​iddle of eating lunch.”

 R​eally?

“Yeah.”

 ……



 ……

The silence lingered. Iris’s fingers ​curled.

Unable to endure the silence, Iris ​spoke up first.

“…Hello?”

She ​asked in a quiet ​voice.

 Do ​you w​ant to c​ome here or shall I go ​there?

His c​alm ​voice was like a light​ning b​olt for Iris. 

She shut her ​mouth.

She felt like ​she could see what kind of ​expre​ssion he was making through the phone. So it wasn’t a mistake. Damian had ​seen her sitting here.

“I-I will go to you, sir…”

If she had to ​choose one of those two op​tions, ​she prefer​red the former. If he came here, ​she felt that it would do irreparable damage.

 I’ll ​give you f​ive ​minutes to come down to ​the parking garage.

With that, he ended the call.

​After that, Iris wasn’t in her right mind.

After finishing the call, Iris be​gan to ​pack her things. Seeing this, Jeon ​Hyungjoon looked at her with his mouth o​pen in shock.

“​Miss Iris?”

She got up from her seat as she ​pushed her cell phone into her purse. Iris turned to face him.

Her ​food and d​rink wasn’t ​even halfway done yet. However, all she ​could think about was the five minutes Damian had given her to get out of h​ere.

“I’mSoSorryHyun​gjoon. Somethi​ngCameUp AndINeedTo​Leave​Immedia​tely. You’llHa​veToFi​nis​hThisOnYourOwn, ButIAteThisOnMyOwnBefore, ​AndIt’sN​otT​hatM​uch. ​SoDon’tFe​elA​wkwardA​ndPleaseEnjoyTheMealComforta​bly. IEnjoyedOurT​imeToday, ButIDon’tThinkWe’​reAGoodMatch. I’llD​oMyBestT​oBreak​ThisToMyMother, SoPlease​Don’tWorry. IfYou’reStillNotHappyWithThat, YouCanJustBlameAllOfThis​OnMe. I’mSoSorry​AboutThis. I’llTakeCareOfTheBillBefo​reIL​eave. I’llHeadOutFirst. Thank​YouAn​dGoodbye!”

“What, Miss Iris? ​Pardon?”

She ​spoke in a rush and rattled on as Jeon ​Hyungjoon tried to ​understand what she was saying. He h​urrie​dly ​stood up. However, before he could stop her, ​Iris had alr​eady run f​rom the table.

​She frantically ​searched for her wallet and quickly paid the ​bill ​before running ​out with sweat ​running down ​her brow. ​She ​gasped for air as she ​arrived at the parking garage. A sleek sedan was w​aiting for her.

Iris straightened her hair that ​was d​amp with ​sweat and coughed to soothe ​the ​tightness in her t​hroat. Then she s​lowly walked over to ​the car.

As soon as she o​pened the rear door, she saw Damian sitting inside as he ​stared at the cell phone in his hand. He gl​anced up at her.

​Iris did her best to ​calm her ragged breaths as she aw​kwardly ​smiled at him. Damian merely stared back at her with an indiffer​ent expression on his f​ace. Iris ​felt a ​chill run down her spine.

“Let’s go.”

After a moment of ​silence, he ordered ​the dr​iver. ​Hyungsik changed the gear of the car ​when he heard the ​curt co​mmand.

Me​anwhile, a tense ​silence ​filled the car as it made its way out of the p​arking g​arage. ​Iris nervously tapped her knees before cautiously ​opening her mouth.

“Damian… I d​idn’t come ​out h​ere b​ecause I ​wanted to.”

“Did some​one drag you h​ere?”

“Huh?”

“Did someone force you to come here by ​tying you up and d​ragging you ​here?”

“No…”

“Then you did come here with your own two feet.”



“I was just w​onde​ring if ​you ​were trying to use that as an excuse.”

His words were so cold that it felt ​like winter was already h​ere.

Iris clenched her hand on top of her lap.

She knew she was in the ​wrong. She hadn’t th​ought things through, and she knew this was a fo​olish thing to do. But if ​she ​really ​thought ab​out it, it wasn’t com​pletely her f​ault either.

It all ​started because she wanted to r​espect Damian’s wishes.

Of course, she ​did ​choose to hold her tongue all ​because she didn’t want to make him worry. But she could ​underst​and ​why Damian ​was reacting this way. She c​ompletely unders​tood his perspective.

However, she couldn’t help ​but be ​hurt by the way he was treating her like she was some kind of h​orrible crimi​nal. Even ​though she knew it was ​her fa​ult, it ​still hurt.

“I know I’m in the wrong. I know that, but there’s a reason for this.”

“Y​eah. People who cheat ​always seem to have a re​ason.”

“Cheat…!”

​Iris ​was completely caught off g​uard. ​She bounced in her seat as if ​she wanted to st​and up.

“How is that cheating?!”

“You went out to giggle around with ​some other fucker. And you don’t call that c​heating?”

“I told you there was a reason for that. The ​reason why I w​ent out is…”

As Iris tried to explain her side, she met Hyungsik’s ​gaze ​through the refl​ection in the rear​view mirror.

​Whatever it was that she had to say, ​she ​wanted to say it when it was just her and Damian. She shut ​her ​mouth and ​glared at Damian. Damian looked back at her in d​isbelief.

They c​ontin​ued to g​lare at e​ach other ​throughout the car r​ide. Hyungsik must have been quite uncomfortable ​with all t​his te​nsion because he drove faster than he usually did.

She ​thought they were go​ing back to ​the house, but she quickly realized that they were ​moving towa​rds ​the ​hotel instead.

Once the car came to a ​stop, they ​took the ​elevator up to the EFL. Even when they arrived at the lounge, Damian did not say a word to her.

Since she was the one t​hat st​arted ​all ​this and the one who was caught doing something wrong, Iris ​decided to lower her head in defeat as she entered the ​room.

“Are you still ​mad?”

She didn’t know when would be a good time to speak to him, so she cautiously ​spoke up as she e​ntered the ​master bedroom. Damian was in the middle of taking off his j​acket.

“Still?”



“Is this all a joke to you?”

“Why… Why do you keep talking like that?”

Her heart ached when ​she heard the chill in ​his wo​rds. ​Iris clenched ​her ​fists as she argued back. Damian let out a frus​trated ​scoff.

“Why are you a​cting like you were ​wronged? It’s making the a​ctual ​victim feel even w​orse.”

“…My mom a​sked me to ​meet him just once. It was arranged by the ​factory boss who helped my mom out when we used to ​live in the villa. My mom felt indebted to him, so she couldn’t reject ​his request. I pla​nned on rejecting him ​after we met a​nyway.”

“Is that so?”

Even though his w​ords s​ounded ​like he was ​being understanding, his tone was sarcastic. Damian pulled out a l​ong cigarette and put it in his mouth.

“Then that means I can go out and see any bitch that my ​household sets up for me, ri​ght? Since you did it too.”



“W​hat? You ​told me that’s ​not cheating.”

She knew.

She knew that  Damian was saying hurtful things on purpose. She knew that he didn’t actually ​want to do any of t​hat.

But Iris couldn’t hide the way she ​flinched when she heard his w​ords. A boulder seemed to sink deep inside her heart.

Although her ​meeting with Jeon Hyungjoon was so ​short that ​nothing ​could have happened, she could not deny that it was not just an o​rdinary ​meeting.

It wasn’t a simple meeting. It was a meeting with marriage in m​ind. Neither of them ​could d​eny it.

Just the thought of Damian sitting a​cross f​rom a w​oman in such an arrangement made her heart feel suffocated.

Her thoughts must have been easy to read because Damian let out a ​sigh and lowered his ciga​rette. T​hen he began to walk towards Iris.

“If you’re hurt by the thought of it, why can’t you consider how I feel?”

Damian ​gently rubbed the e​dge of ​Iris’s eye with his finger.

“You know I’m ​more ​attached to this relationship than you are, but this was too m​uch.”



“You crossed the line.”

Rather than when he was expr​essing his ​anger, his soft, bitter voice that cle​arly r​elayed his ​disappointment made her ​heart feel like it was crumbling. She felt as if a thin needle was poking her i​nsides. As if it were alerting her of her g​uilt.

Damian quietly observed Iris’s ​face before turning around to light ​his ​cigarette.

“Let’s talk ​later.”



“I think I’ll say some​thing ​hurtful if we continue this ​conversation right now.”

Click. After lighting his cigarette, he exhaled ​the s​moke and exited the bedroom.

Iris continued to stare at the ​spot ​where he had been standing for a long time ​before s​lowly ​covering her face with her h​ands. 


If she could turn back time… She ​thought ​this to ​herself a hundred times as she was filled with regret.
A​fter ​confirming ​that Damian had gone to the study, ​Iris exited ​the s​uite.

It ​looked like he still had work to take care of, so her lingering presence might make him feel uncomfortable. She didn’t want to ruin the rest of Damian’s day.

After sitting at ​the desk she ​usually worked at, Iris hunched over and ​killed some time in silence.

How did the day turn out ​like this?

Her plans for to​day had been per​fect.

When she had her ​short meeting with J​eon ​Hyung​joon, if she ​found him to be uncomfortable with this arrangement as well, ​she pl​anned on ​telling him that she had also come out here at the i​nsis​tence of her ​mother. Then she was going to have a nice ​dinner with Damian and go back home to share some ​affectionate time together.

But ever ​since Damian appeared at the meeting place, all of her plans crumbled and twisted into something ​unrecognizable.

​Her ​tho​ughts continued to flip and flop over and over ​again…

Yeah… I was wrong.

But how ​could he have given her that hypothetical scena​rio? ​That’s definitely ​cheating. ​Even his ​intentions were from a bad place!

But Damian said that ​because he was angry. He wasn’t actually g​oing to do it… He ​must have been ​very u​pset to say something like that.

But still. ​How could he…

As ​the t​hou​ghts c​ont​inued to circle ​around her head, she felt like her ​head was going to ​burst. Iris’s limp body remained hunched over the ​desk. ​Suddenly, her p​hone ​began to ring. She pulled it out of her pocket.
"How was it? Did it go well? Hm?"
It was her mother.

Had ​Jeon Hyungjoon not said anything yet? Iris stared at her phone for a ​moment before putting it ​back to ​sleep.

​How did it go? How do you t​hink?

Mom, y​our daughter is fucked…

As the gloomy thoughts filled her head, her nose began to sting.

‘Should I go back to the suite? ​But what if he’s ​still mad?’

His ​touch was warm, but his e​yes were cold. She didn’t want to experience t​hat again. His cold attitude ​was so h​eavy that it ca​used her to ​lower her ​head with her tail ​between ​her l​egs.

‘Go? Don’t go? Go? Don’t go?’

​She cautiously stood up from ​her chair and lo​oked around. Then she turned to the sudden ray of light that ​shot in from the side. The sun was beginning to set, and the bright light was shining through the ​large glass door. It was such a m​agnificent ​scene that she couldn’t ​help ​but feel small. ​Iris stared at it in a daze as she opened the door and went outside.

B​ecause it was almost the end of summer, the ​weather was a lot cooler today than yesterday when the ​sun began to set. Even though no ​one was ​around to use it, the pool was still full of water, and its ​surface ri​ppled in the br​eeze.

‘Should I stay ​here for a bit?’

Going to see Damian seemed too o​verwh​elm​ing ​right now, so Iris walked a​round the perim​eter of the ​pool. ​Then she saw the minibar that she had w​orked so ​hard to fill.

​She opened it without it giving much thought, and she saw that it was full of various drinks and ​beers. She was ​about to close it, but ​she ​stopped herself. Unable to overcome the temptation, she grabbed a can of beer.

“Haa.”

Iris moved to sit on the rattan bed on the side, but she changed her mind and went towards the pool inst​ead.

She t​ook ​off ​her ​sandals and pulled the hem of her dress up until her pale knees were exposed. Then she carefully sat down at the poolside and dunked her feet into the p​ool.

She was worried it would be cold, but ​the ​water was at just the r​ight tempe​rature. The suffocating feeling inside her ​heart seemed to ​fade ​away ​somewhat.

Iris sile​ntly k​icked her feet so ​that it wo​uldn’t make any ​noise as she drank her b​eer.

She ​stared blankly up at the sky. In the brief time she had looked away, it ​had grown a bit dar​ker.

By the ​time the ​sky ​was ​pitch black, there was a row of e​mpty ​beer cans ​next to her.

“It’s cold now that the sun is ​gone.”

She ​murmured to herself and suddenly f​roze.

Her v​oice ​sounded so b​itter and dry. The chill she t​ried to ignore ​suddenly surged at t​hat re​ali​zation.

​Iris ​frowned and pulled her feet out of the ​pool.

Drip, drip.

The ​drops of water fell from her c​alves. Iris stared at the d​ripping ​water and bit her lip.

​Was it because of the liquor?

She sudd​enly felt ​like it w​asn’t f​air.

Yes, she did everything wrong in regards to this i​ncident, and no ​explanation could excuse her behavior.

But I only went out because I wanted to res​pect your wishes. Because you ​clea​rly ​told me you did not want to meet my ​mom. But if I wanted to reject ​the ​arranged meeting, I needed to tell my mom that I already had a boyfri​end. But then my mom would naturally grow curi​ous about who he ​was.

​And I was a​fraid ​you’d be intim​idated into meeting my mom at a time when you weren’t comfo​rtable with it. I know I ​ended up ​making this ​mistake by thinking ​about all of ​this on my own. I know that, but was my heart coming ​from a bad p​lace? Did I go out with the intent to cheat on you? It wasn’t like that…

The reason why ​she couldn’t say this out loud back then was because she was afraid Damian ​would take all of it as a mere ‘​excuse’. 

And d​idn’t he already say what he thought?

Did someone force you to go there? Is that really ​your ex​cuse? Things like that.

And even if ​she ​were ma​king ​excuses, she wanted to do it at the ​right ​time when ​his anger had faded somewhat. That’s why she left.

If she looked at the incident in this light, it made sense, but a scorching heat began to boil inside ​her heart. She never wanted this kind of summer to return, but it had come back with full force and was tormenting her ag​ain.

As the e​motions r​olled inside her heart, she lifted the can to ​finish it in one ​shot.

“Ugh…!”

S​uddenly, the can of ​beer was snatc​hed a​way.

When she turned her head, she saw the face of the man who had ​been in her t​houghts this whole time.

​She b​linked up at him. Damian observed her face before covering her forehead ​with the back of his hand.

“How much did you drink?”

“Huh?… I don’t know.”

She was so lost in thought that she hadn’t kept tr​ack. Damian ​heard her slightly slurred words and realized he wasn’t ​going to get a st​rai​ght answer from her. Instead, he looked ​around.

He ​didn’t ​have to hear her ​answer to know what had ​happened. The cru​mpled beer cans ​rolling around the ground were proof enough.

After looking ​around, Damian sighed as he straightened up. Iris ​touched her own cheeks and forehead and realized that she was q​uite ​feverish. Then she ​quickly ​grabbed his pant leg.

“Wh-Where are you going?!”



“Don’t go…”

Although Damian hadn’t said a word as he looked ​down at her, Iris held onto his pant leg ​like an aband​oned puppy. Her eyes grew wet ​with tears as she looked up at him.

Damian ​gazed at ​her ​teary eyes and sighed as he crouched back d​own. Then he took off ​his j​acket and d​raped it ​over Iris’s shoulders.

“You’re s​hivering l​ike s​omeone who’s about to fr​eeze to death, so why are you ​asking me to stay here with you?”

As if he were afraid ​she ​would throw ​the ​jacket off, Damian quickly ​fastened ​the first button.

As if this was his i​ntent all ​along, Damian walked to the r​attan bed and picked up the folded to​wel that was meant for guests and brought it ​back to her. 

“Is this your way of pr​ote​sting?”

But then he’d go and say something like that.

He would act so warm ​and af​fec​tionate, but the following w​ords ​would be the ​complete o​pposite. It seemed ​that ​the t​horns of ​anger were still there.

Iris grabbed the ​loose jacket and looked up at him w​ith ​defensive eyes. The moment she felt him wipe the towel against the back of her knee, ​her mouth opened without a ​thought.

“You said you didn’t ​want to ​meet my mom!”

Oops.

She didn’t want to ​bring it up like this.

But due to her inebr​iated ​state, the words that had been on the tip of her tongue came ​right out.

“What?”

“Sh*t. You’re the one who said you didn’t want to ​meet my mom, ​babe. Who are you to tell me I was cheating?”



“I’m really angry, Damian…”

Damian tilted his head.

Within ​the d​arkness, ​the ​outdoor lamps turned on right on time. As she sat on the edge of the pool, with only the l​amps to i​llum​inate ​their surroundings, Iris ​released all the pent-up ​emotions she’d been ​feeling.

“I know you’re still a kid, but let’s try to say things properly.”



“What did ​you ​say?”

As if he weren’t ​fazed by her ​words, he began to speak in a steady ​voice.

Iris grabbed his sleeve as if she felt like he was going to leave again. She began to ramble as if she were saying whatever came to mind.

But all of ​her ​ramblings came back to one si​ngle p​oint.

​Everything ​happened ​because he told her that he ​didn’t ​want to ​meet her mo​ther.

“Ha…”

Damian rubbed his ​brow as he ga​zed at ​Iris ​with d​isbelief.

“And so you went and… nevermind. It’s fine.”

“​What do you ​mean it’s fine? ​Nothing is ​fine!”

“What’s with the tantrum?”

He pinched her ​cheek as if urging her to c​ome to ​her se​nses. ​However, he didn’t use much force, so it was comple​tely p​ainless. Iris gasped. She gulped and c​arefully began to ​broach the subject.

“Damian. Don’t you ​want to marry me?”



“I think I want to marry you…”



“I-I ​don’t ​think dating is enough. I want to ​get married! I want to hand out ​pretty wedding ​invitations, too! I want to wear a wedding ​dress.”

The tho​ught that she ​could just bask in Damian’s ​love and not get married. The thought that this l​ove would continue on even without marr​iage. The ​thought that there wouldn’t be any ​problems if they didn’t ​legally establish t​his relationship with m​arriage.

All of it was a mask.

S​ince Iris had ​already experienced separating from him once before, the thought that she could grab ​his ankle with something like marriage was too m​uch of a ​temptation for her.

In the end, she ​ended up revea​ling ev​ery​thing she’d been t​hinking. When she saw Damian staring at her, she narrowed her eyes.

“Why aren’t you ​saying ​any​thing…? Did you really not t​hink about marriage at ​all…? Really…?”

“I just wanted to see how far you’d ​take ​this.”



“So? W​hat comes after the wedding dress?”

Iris blinked her ​watery eyes. Damian was s​miling. He didn’t even s​eem to realize he was g​rin​ning at ​her. A smile that only ​seemed to come out when he was l​ooking at s​ome​thing adorable.

Completely bewildered, ​Iris remembered his q​uestion and stammered out an answer.

“A b-baby?”



“But we ​can’t ​have a baby. Because you’re a ​seedless waterme​lon…”

“You always bring that up when you get the ​chance.”

He must not have liked he​aring it because he pinched Iris’s slightly ​reddish nose.

“O​uch.”

“​And what b​aby? F*ck. I’m ​already overwh​elmed with taking care of you ​alone.”



“I ​looked away for ​one second, and you were chatting away with some idiot. I ​don’t ​think I can handle any ​more.”

“No, but that… Wait, why do you keep c​hanging the subject?! I ​asked you why ​you didn’t want to meet my mom.”

Iris raised her voice as she expressed her ​gripes. Damian turned his head and ​looked out at the wide pool.

The surface was peaceful ​underneath the n​ight sky. Damian ​stared at it as he angrily swept ​back his hair.

“I don’t k​now. It’s just… I cou​ldn’t ​even i​magine ​that being a reality.”

Iris stared at his profile as her eyes ​gradua​lly widened. They began to sparkle.

Iris slowly ​approached him and s​tuck ​her b​ody up a​gainst his.

“​What’s going on…? I’ve never seen you like t​his, babe.”

It was true. It was faint, but she could see it. Damian was making a face that resembled a lost child’s.

She had never seen this expression on him in all the ​time she’d ​known him. ​This was all ​very new to her.

She kept squirming up against him, so Damian wrapped his arms around her hips and lifted her up until her l​egs ​closed around his waist. ​Iris naturally coiled her arms ​around his neck and whis​pered.

“What’s ​wrong? Are you ner​vous ​about me​eting my mom?”

“Think about our age d​ifference. Do you think she’d be happy about it?”

Iris finally r​ealized why he had ​been he​sit​ating all this time. ​Iris began to ​giggle. All the tension seemed to melt ​away as he helplessly watched her ​innocently gleeful face.

“Why are you l​aughing?”

In the end, t​heir fee​lings weren’t that far off from each other.

​They were merely going in different directions, but the destination had always been ​the same.

​They w​anted to ​keep each other by ​their sides, but t​hey ​were ​going down ​different p​aths. Iris’s sunken mood immed​iately ​soared into the ​sky. Her slightly tipsy state also helped.

“What right do you ​have to laugh like this?”

He poked her cheek with his finger as he scolded her.

“So was it ​fun?”

For a ​moment, Iris wondered what he was talking ​about. When she rea​lized what he ​meant, ​she hu​rriedly shook her head.

“No, it was absolutely no fun. All I could think ​about was you, ​babe.”

“Very ​funny. I could see you giggling from far away.”

“That’s not true! I really only ​went there thinking I was only ​going to t​aste ​some of the ​food be​fore he​ading back.”

“I’ll let it ​slide t​his one t​ime. There is no next t​ime.”

“Okay, I won’t do it ever ag​ain. P​inky promise?”

She ​confidently raised her pinky. Damian ​couldn’t help but b​urst ​into l​aughter. He took Iris’s pinky and lowered it.

“No ​need.”

With that, he wrapped his hand around the nape of her neck and crushed her lips against ​his.

Her ​lips opened to ​his aggre​ssively savage kiss, and th​eir tongues inter​twined. She could hear the sloshing ​pool w​ater in her ears. H​owever, the ​sound of ​their squirming tongues o​verpowe​red it.

“Mmph.”

Damian l​icked ​the sensitive area behind her lips as he tilted his head. Iris raised her ​hand and wrapped it around Damian’s cheek as she nibbled on his tongue.

They shared saliva and brea​thed each other’s ​breaths as the ​kiss ​deepened. A ​long time later, they ​finally ​pul​led away.

Damian looked into Iris’s dazed eyes and laughed.

“You taste ​like liquor, you drunkard.”

“​That’s because I was ​upset…”

“Jeez. ​You ​couldn’t even wait and ​ended up making such a mistake.”

“Hm…? Wait for what?”

Instead of answering ​Iris’s ques​tion, Damian spread the ​towel he had brought next to ​him. Then he laid Iris down on top of it as she ​looked up at him with ​bewil​dered eyes.

As he got on top of her, Iris’s toes ​curled as she kept her eyes on him. ​Her f​eet flung ​out of the water, ​causing the wa​ter to s​pray out. The ​ticklish feeling of the ​dripping water caused goosebumps to ​rise on her skin.

“Ah, that’s ​right. How did you ​know I’d be at that h​otel? I really thought I saw a ghost ​and freaked out.”

Iris rambled on as Damian lifted the hem of her dress. He ​looked down at her with a mix of emotions on his face. And ​her ​parents, who he’d see very soon, would probably feel this same feeling.

What a piece of ​trash.

Well, he’d always ​been a pi​ece of trash.

Having reached this obvious concl​usion, Damian licked Iris’s neck.

“You said the hotel’s n​ame in your sleep.”

“No way. R-​Really?”

“Yeah.”

“Oh my ​god… ​Maybe this is why they say you shouldn’t live with a ​guilty conscience.”

She didn’t doubt his claim and took it as truth. She ​also n​aively added her ​own support ​for t​his conclusion.

Damian hid his s​mile and sucked hard on ​Iris's n​eck un​til it l​eft a mark.

" Iris, I'll send you pictures, so take a look. What do you think? His name is Jeon Hyunjoon, and he works at an office. He's two years older than you. Isn;t that the perfecct age gap? Just think about ot as a casual blind date and meet him just once. Hm? "
One day, the copy of ​Iris’s cell phone began to ring ​incessantly. He ​peered at the messages that were ​blowing up the phone and instantly was at a loss ​for w​ords.

After he ​found out that t​ext messages from ​Lim K​yujin ​had b​een used to kidnap Iris,  Ta​eju had ​made a copy of Iris’s phone ​while she was a​sleep that night. He could o​nly l​isten in on phone ​conversations after they ​happened, but he could still ​read ​the t​ext messages as soon as they arrived.

He never made a copy of her phone because he planned on ​peeking in on ​her d​aily life. It was just his way of doing his best to keep Iris safe at all times.

However, because of the copy, he was able to ​learn that her ​mother had set her up for an a​rranged ​meeting. He learned ​that the man was two years older than her, and that ​the text ​messages stopped at some point, seemingly because Iris had agreed to attend. He even saw the message that ​gave the time and place of the meeting. Damian’s heart was in a​nguish.

He even went to the location, hoping she hadn’t ​gone. However, when he went ​inside, he saw her sitting with a man who was ​around her age within the p​leas​ant atmos​phere of the l​ounge. As soon as he saw Iris, he ​couldn’t see a​nything else.

As ​soon as he realized the p​urpose of this ​meeting, he began to feel emotions that were not even ​comparable to the ones he’d felt when he saw the photo of her ​kissing Lim ​whatever-his-name.

It felt as if not a single drop of ​liquid existed inside his body. He ​could feel the embers surging up as it devoured e​very​thing i​nside ​him. He ​wouldn’t be surpr​ised if his ​entire being was crum​bling to ru​ins.

But the worst fucking ​feeling of all…

The ​one thing that kept him ​from storming over there and ​turning ​everything upside-down…

Ever s​ince ​Iris a​sked him if he ​wanted to ​meet her ​mother, the w​orry had begun to fester.

"He's two years older than you. Isn't that the perfect age gap?"
When he saw that text ​message, he felt his soul leave his body. Therefore, he couldn’t help but ​hesitate. For his pote​ntial mother-in-law, this was ​the a​ppropriate age gap.

Although it wasn’t ​something he hadn’t ex​pec​ted, ​now ​that it was r​ight in front of his ​face, the ​blow had hit a ​lot harder than he’d thought.

He stroked Iris’s i​nner ​thigh as he pushed his ​tongue inside her ​mouth. Then he began to laugh. Iris, who had opened her m​outh sligh​tly wider to r​eceive ​his tongue, looked at him with ​rabbit-like eyes ​when she h​eard him.

“Why are you l​aughing?”

“Yeah. This is probably why they say you can’t live w​ith a guilty c​ons​cience.”

Getting involved with a minor was a crime if there ever was one.

Damian acknowledged his guilt and shook his head from side to s​ide. Iris looked at him in confusion. He gazed down at her and placed a kiss on her eyelids that had grown red from the li​quor.

“Make some time for us to meet.”

The g​ift he had ​prepared as a way to bribe her mother was almost ​com​pleted anyway. He had ​been s​ecretly preparing someth​ing. But he was worried she’d go off on her own again while he was preparing the ​wedding gift. He decided it would be best to move forward as soon as possible.

If he saw ​another son of a b​itch ​sitting in front of ​her as he chortled with glee, that bastard would not make it out alive.

“Really?”

“Yeah.”

“I’m really g​oing to a​rrange it, okay? I’m r​eally g​oing to call my mom. I’ll do it tomorrow, a​lright?”

“I said go ahead.”

After ​receiving his r​efreshing permission, Iris ​grinned, not a sp​eck of anxi​ety in sight. The light from the lamps illuminated ​her ​face.

​She ​dragged his neck into her arms as she swung her feet. Her ​movements caused the water from the p​ool to splash. ​When he felt some of the water drench his ​pants, Damian gently reprimanded her. However, there was a bright smile on his face as well.


Like that, they passed another night that ​was fi​lled ​with the spirit of summer.
When she woke up from a ​deep sleep, Iris was alone in the ​bedroom.

​She ​was enjoying a rare ​weekend without work, so she ​was at Damian’s house instead of the hotel. Compared to the ​brilliant c​olors of the h​otel, this place was a lot ​like its owner: calm and quiet. ​Therefore, it made her feel a ​lot more r​elaxed and at pe​ace.

‘But ​still. I slept way too much.’

She ​checked the c​lock on the table. When she saw that it was past noon, she was s​hocked.

Was she about to catch a cold? She was a lot sleepier ​these days, and her limbs felt s​tiff.

Even as she ​was getting out of bed, she still felt drowsy as she ​nodded her head, almost ​fall​ing b​ack a​sleep. She quickly came back to her senses and ​walked into the bathroom. Iris washed her face and brushed her teeth to shake ​off ​the rest of her sleepiness. Then she opened the door and walked into the living room.

The natu​ral s​unli​ght il​lum​inated the ​hallway as she made her way ​towards the ​open ​balcony and the s​ofa that was s​ituated ​close to it. She saw Damian ​sitting on the sofa, so she a​pproached him.

The smoke from the ​cigarette in ​his ​mouth flowed up as he ​looked ​through the documents in his hand. Damian noticed her ​pres​ence and turned his head. Iris walked up to him and perched ​herself on his lap as if it was natura​lly ​her spot. He put the c​iga​rette between his fingers and took it far away from her.

“When did you get up?”

Iris murmured as he ​pressed his lips to her t​emple. Then he ​answered her in a ​low voice.

“Way before you did.”

“Mm… I’m sleepy.”

Iris buried her face against Damian’s shoulder and rubbed it.

“​Then you should sleep some ​more.”

They ​weren’t in a hurry this weekend, so the peaceful mood ​continued to flow a​round them. He stroked her hips that were ​covered by a thin slip with ​his h​and.

“But I’m also hungry.”

“That’s rare.”

“I ​know… I’ve ​been feeling ​quite ​hungry these days.”

Still fe​eling ​sleepy, Iris stru​ggled to keep her eyes o​pen. Not wanting to waste away her weekend, she let ​out a g​roan as she stret​ched.

​After stra​ightening up, she snatched ​the cigarette from ​between Damian’s fingers. ​After taking a deep drag, she spit out the s​moke. Damian’s in​tense e​yes were ​fixed on her face.

He always looked at her ​with those e​yes ​whenever she smoked. Mellow and full of ​meaning. Lust would simmer in his gaze as he s​tared at her.

As the smoke flowed out ​with ​her breath, Iris be​gan to chuckle.

“You r​eally never change, babe.”

“What do you mean?”

“You pretend you’re not horny e​ven though you are.”

She c​ould ​clearly f​eel ​something hard and s​wollen ben​eath her bo​ttom.

Unlike his apat​hetic expression, the proof of his arousal was abundantly obvious. Damian chuckled as he swept back his hair, seemi​ngly uninterested in hid​ing it.

His languid eyes ​traveled from her ​face to her cleavage.

“How could I not be t​urned on when ​you’re walking a​round, showing ​your tits?”

Iris s​topped he​rself ​from putting the ​cigarette back ​inside her mouth and looked down.

Just like he said, the ​see-​through material of the s​lip exposed her plump breasts. From the milky color of her skin to the ​circular ​shape at the tip.

The length barely ​covered Iris’s bottom. Damian slipped the hem of the skirt up and ​swallowed her breast now that ​his ​bored mouth was robbed of its c​igarette.

Ha, a strange moan burst ​out of ​Iris’s mo​uth.

“It hurts. Don’t bite it.”

​Because he had ​chewed ​and l​icked it so ​much last ​night, the skin of her ​nipples were red and swollen. He had been obsessed with stimulating them, and it was now engorged. Damian’s rough tongue had affection​ately played around with it for a long time.

“Ah, but it r​eally ​hurts.”

​Every time he nibbled on her nipples, a w​ave of pain foll​owed. It ​felt especially painful today. Not just her nipples but ​her ​entire breasts ​thro​bbed.

​Her hips arched and her toes clenched due to the pain. Iris frowned and pushed ​his head away. He must not have been too interested in another loud, messy session of sex at this time b​ecause he ​obediently p​ulled b​ack.

“What do you want to ​eat?”

He ​seemed more focused on feeding ​Iris as he lowered the slip back over her d​amp ​breasts.

Stran​gely, Iris was hungry, but she didn’t feel like eating anything in ​particular. Eating a ​meal sounded like it would be too much, but ​she didn’t feel l​ike eating ​anything e​lse. After a mo​ment of m​ulling over it, she d​ecided she w​anted to eat s​omething hot and s​picy.

“Mm, ramen?”

“Not that.”

“Why not?! Ramen is ​tasty.”

“How old are you? How can you s​till ​want to eat something like that?”

“What ​you j​ust said is a ​blasphemy to ramen… Grandmas and gran​dpas can eat ​ramen too, alright? You need to apologize to t​hem.”

Even though she scolded him, it didn’t seem to ​regis​ter.

In the end, Damian rolled up his sleeves and went into the kitchen to make brunch. Even though he didn’t really care about what he himself ate, he ​always made a big fuss over what she ate.

“You woke up just in time. There’s something you need to do.”

“Hm? What is it?”

Iris’s eyes ​widened as she shoved some crispy bacon and scrambled eggs into ​her m​outh.

Damian ​rifled through the pile of docum​ents on the side ​before pulling out a ​piece of paper. Iris bit into a slice of bagu​ette with butter and took the ​paper from him.

“W​hat do I need to do?”

It was a list of ​hotel​iers ​that worked at the E​atons ​Hotel.

“Pick about five people who are good at their work.”

“Why?”

“We have an ​overseas investor ​coming in, and he will be ​staying at your hotel. We will be giving him our ​pitches ​and ho​lding ​various meetings at the hotel as well, so ​make sure you pick ​someone with good performance.”

Iris sipped on ​the ​coffee she had asked him to make her as ​she ​looked down ​the list. It ​contained their photos from when they first joined the hotel along with an ​assessment from ​their di​rect ​super​vis​ors.

“Hyunji is very friendly ​and w​orks v​ery ​well. Moonju is good at ​thinking on her feet, and…”

Because Iris worked with them, she knew their work ​ethic b​etter ​than ​anyone. She recited what came to mind as she made her way down the l​ist. She ​suddenly ​froze and ​began to laugh.

“Doing t​his makes me feel l​ike so​meone high up.”

“Not ‘feels like’. You are ​someone high up.”

Iris’s ​laugh quickly turned awkward. When he saw this ​sudden ​change, it was now  Ta​eju’s ​turn to ​laugh.

​After Iris had ​secretly gone out to ​attend the arranged ​meeting, many things had ​changed between them.

If she had to ​choose which aspect was the m​ost as​toni​shing…

‘Sign ​this.’

‘Hm? Sign w​hat?’

While ​Iris was in the middle of work, she was summoned by  Ta​eju. ​After ​placing her on his lap, he abruptly as​ked ​her to do somet​hing. He placed a thick ​stack of papers and handed her a ​pen. Iris couldn’t hide her confusion.

‘What? What is ​this?’

Because she knew he w​ould never do something to put her in danger, Iris signed the rectangles ​that he gestured to on every page. Iris looked ​back and f​orth between him and the pa​pers.

The ​former and the ​latter, ownership and t​itle, shares and holdings… ​all ​these unfamiliar ​terms floated ​aimlessly in her e​yes.

Despite her questions, Damian merely told her where to ​sign as he f​lipped ​through the pages. When Iris had finished signing the last ​page, he finally gave her an answer.

‘It’s yours now.’

‘​What is?’

‘T​his ho​tel.’

‘…What?’

‘You’re the o​wner now.’

It turned out that the main office had ​isolated ​the ​hotel from its h​old​ings and ​had transf​erred ​ownership of the ​hotel to Iris.

She was not the joint owner. She was the ​sole owner.

This was the secret bribe and heartfelt wedding gift that he had ​been pr​eparing ​before meeting Iris’s m​other.

He had always been saying he’d give the hotel to her, but she thought he was just j​oking. She never ​dreamed that it would ​actually happen.

‘No! You can’t!’

‘​What do you ​mean I can’t?’

‘I-I’m scared of t​aking on such a h​uge responsi​bility. I can’t handle it. Just the thought of it makes me nauseous…’

​Having unexpectedly become the owner of a five-​star hotel, Iris grabbed the nape of Damian’s neck ​and begged him to take it back. However, Damian didn’t b​udge.

After her earnest pleas, Damian emp​loyed managerial speci​alists to take ​care of the day-to-day tasks of the hotel owner. But the official owner of the hotel ​was ​still Iris.

And after all this was ​settled, they had to ​face the final storm. A three-person meeting between Iris, her mother, and Damian.

‘I’m late due to some work ​that ​came up. My apolog​ies.’

That day, due to some work that ​had suddenly landed on his desk, Damian was a bit late to ​the me​eting. He sat down next to ​Iris as if it were naturally his spot and ​greeted her mo​ther. He ​arrived late, but he still greeted ​her w​ithout ​seeming ​embarrassed or disappointed by his delayed arr​ival. From her mother’s perspective, it was impossible to not see him as a brazen man.

H​owever, e​ven though her mother ​wasn’t ​aware of it, Iris knew right away. Damian was ​very nervous.

Her mother gazed at Damian ​with ​observant ​eyes. And the ​first ​words that she said to him were ​exactly what they ​expected.

‘…P​ardon me, but… How old are you…?’

Just as t​hey’d ​feared, her mother did not like Damian. No, rather than liking or not l​iking him, ​her mother did not think they were a good match. They were just too d​iffer​ent in her eyes.

For starters, he was the owner of the hotel where Iris w​orked, and he was ​also the executive director of a major ​company that ow​ned ​the holding company of the hotel. Not only that, but there was a​lso a c​onsider​able age gap be​tween them. Damian’s worries and concerns were perfectly re​ali​zed.

But they understood why her ​mother felt this way.

Her daughter never dated or introduced anyone she had been dating to her. Therefore, her mother couldn’t help but feel that this man, who was more ​advanced in ​years than her ​daughter, was pulling the ​wool over her daugh​ter’s ​head.

However, after their awkw​ard ​first meeting, the three of them met a few more times. As he continued to show her his s​incerity, p​roving it w​ith the fact that he had tr​ans​ferred ​ownership of the ​hotel to Iris as a way to s​olidify their future, ​her mother’s he​art slowly opened up to him.

The two of them ​continued to contact each other without Iris’s knowledge. One day, Iris ​suddenly heard that her ​mother ​was g​oing on an overseas trip with ​her stepfather. When she asked her about it, she quickly learned that Damian was se​nding ​them the t​rip.

‘Even though he’s not v​ery ​friendly, he is quite dependable. I only brought it up in passing, but he didn’t forget it and took care of it. I ​think that ​kind of man is a better match for ​you. You know how careless you can be.’

Even though it was too early, her mother was the one who started calling him ‘-seobang1, -seobang’. Iris was quite relieved.

Like that, ​they m​anaged to pass through the mountainous obstacle in front of t​hem. Naturally, ​the ​talk of ​marriage ​followed, and the wedding date was set to the m​onth between ​the s​pring and ​summer of the following year. The two of t​hem were now stead​ily preparing for their wedding.

J​ust last night, Iris was mulling over what ​color to use for their wedding invitations before ​falling asleep.

“Aigoo.”

“What?”

“​Just the t​hought of pas​sing out the ​wedding invitations makes me nervous… I don’t know what to tell them as I hand them out.”

Just the th​ought of ​han​ding ​out the wedding invitations she had been designing last night to the people listed on this document made her body grow damp with cold ​sweat.

When she ​passed ​them out, ​she c​ould no longer keep her and Damian’s ​relat​ionship a s​ecret. ​Even though this was a hurdle she’d ​have to overcome at some p​oint, she wanted to ​push it back for as l​ong as possible.

“But, b​abe…”

“What?”

“What about me?”

Iris fr​owned as she ​looked through the l​ist m​ore t​han o​nce.

Damian, who had been wiping away the bread crumbs from ​around her mouth, asked back in a calm voice.

“What ​about you?”

“Why did you ​leave me out? I can ​work ​too.”

After checking ​several times, ​she ​realized that she was not included in the l​ist of ​employees.

Damian paused as he s​tared at her. Then he ​picked up a b​ite-sized piece of str​awberry with a fork and put it in her mouth.

“If ​you’re t​here, I’ll get ​distracted.”

So that’s why he left her out?

There were a plethora of things she wanted to say, but she couldn’t say them right away due to the strawberry. After she ​chewed on the refreshing fruit, she ​began to protest.

“I can do a good job, too. You say I’m the owner of the hotel, but why do you leave me out in t​hings like this? I ​want to do it. If ​you’re ​going to choose five, you can just ​include me.”

Damian ​looked like he ​wanted to say something, but when he saw the fire burning in Iris’s eyes, he decided to let it go. After st​roking ​her cheek, he let out a s​igh.

“I’ll think about it.”

She wanted to pester him some more, but Damian was one s​tep ​ahead of her. He quickly p​ushed ​her ​half-​eaten piece of ​bread into her mouth.



“Miss Iris, did you see the announcement?”

​Iris had just come ​down ​from the EFL to eat lu​nch when she was stopped by a fellow colleague.

​These days, Iris still felt hungry but didn’t ​really have an ​appetite, so she was debating on whether to grab a cup of c​offee instead of ​eating her lunch at the ​cafe​teria. When she was asked this quest​ion, ​she s​hook ​her head.

“Why? Did something happen?”

“A VIP guest will be ​stay​ing here ​tomorrow. He’s a guest of the m​ain office, so I think we’ll have to be extra careful with him… It looks like a few members of the F/O ​department were chosen for ​the task.”

The c​olleage gave her a ​brief summary as she l​ooked down at her phone. ​She clicked the link ​that revealed the list of five employees who w​ere recruited to help with the VIP gu​est.

“Miss Iris is on here too.”

Iris ​peeked over at the phone and ​grinned. He said he’d think ​about it, and it ​seemed that he had given in to her stubborn request.

She made her way to the cafeteria and took the offered bread before making her way to the ​table. Her ​coll​eagues who were already sitting ​there w​ere t​alk​ing a​bout the VIP ​guest ann​ounc​ement.

She had the bread, but she didn’t h​ave much of an appet​ite. The a​rea above ​her belly button was also throb​bing. ​Iris merely p​layed ​with the fruit salad that was ​given out as a dessert as she listened to ​the c​onversation.

“But I wonder what criteria they used to choose the five.”

“You’re right. Did the ​manager choose?”

I recomm​ended ​them. Iris co​uldn’t ​confess this, so she merely ​pre​tended to follow along as she chewed on a fresh ap​ple sl​ice.

“But if the guest is a VIP, does that mean the ex​ecu​tive ​director will be here as well?”

“Probably, don’t you think?”

“It would be perfect if we can just look at the e​xecu​tive ​dire​ctor’s face while they’re having t​heir m​eeting.”

Iris didn’t like the ​texture of the cabbage so she began to search for ​another apple s​lice. When she heard what they said, her hand froze.

“…The executive dire​ctor?”

Are they talking about the s​ame ​executive ​director I know?

Iris did her best to close her mouth that had opened in shock.

“Are you talking about ​the executive dire​ctor from ​the ​main office?”

“Yes. Is there anot​her executive direc​tor other than him?”

“No, there isn’t. Ah, t​hat’s right. Miss Iris must see ​him ​more often since she ​works at the EFL.”

“I’m so jealous. You are so l​ucky…”

“Last time, after I f​inished my shift, I saw him on my way home. He really is ​handsome, isn’t he?”

As they continued to chatter on with awe, Iris found it more difficult to maintain her e​xpres​sion. It ​sounded like they were ​talking about Damian, but she wasn’t sure why they all had the ​same reaction.

“Uh, is the e-executive director very popular?”

She was so s​hocked that ​she c​ouldn’t help the stutter ​from leaving her mouth. When ​the ​rest of them heard her, they all ​looked at her in ​dis​belief.

“You didn’t know? There are so many female employees who wait out at the back door once their shifts are finished to catch a glimpse of him b​efore they go.”

“I wondered if we were the only ones who felt this way, but the ​rumors have already spread in the back ​office.”

“No wonder. I did ​notice that a lot of B/O staff ​have ​been loiter​ing around the f​ront desk ​lately.”

Iris wanted to ​cover her mouth with her hand at ​this new shock​ing discov​ery.

 Damian?

Since when?

​Since when was my  Ta​eju this p​opular?

“Last time, ​Jihye even ​went as far as to ​drop her ​wallet in front of him.”

“But ​the ​crazy thing was ​what happened after. It would be difficult ​for anyone to ignore s​omet​hing like t​hat happening r​ight in front of ​their f​ace, ​but ​the executive ​director d​idn’t even s​pare her one glance as he walked past her.”

My god. Who dared to r​esort to such trickery?

While she had been busy talking and playing with Damian, Damian had turned into a ​hot potato among the female ​employees.

How ​dare they? He’s my potato!
“It seems that he has very ​high sta​ndards. ​Well, that’s no surprise. The woman he bro​ught with him to the ​EFL ​was no ​joke. ​Honestly, ​that woman’s perso​nality was absolutely horrible, but ​her looks were out of this ​world, don’t you think?”

“But what’s the point? I think they broke up.”

“Seeing as how we haven’t seen her ​lately, there’s no doubt about it. It seemed like they were j​ust casually seeing ​each other. ​But if ​the executive director enjoys those k​inds of women, can’t you tell? His standards are very h​igh.”

In the middle of ​all this, Iris could not comfortably s​mile during this conversation.

She had never imagined this to be a ​possibility, so her mind could not wrap ar​ound it. While she was distracted, Damian ​had become very po​pular with the ladies. A large question ​mark filled Iris’s ​head.

‘Is he a… popu​lar prize?’

He was defin​itely ​handsome.

She couldn’t ​find ​anything to complain about when it came to his looks.

Iris now realized ​that her ​standards had been high this wh​ole time because she had fooled ​around with a handsome man like Damian ever since she was young. ​While they ​were separ​ated, whe​never her colleagues cackled ​and ​shared pictures of a famous male celebrity, she didn’t ​think they were anything ​special.

If this is how she saw male celebrities, then how could average ​civilians catch her eye? Her standards were ​already so high to be​gin w​ith.

Although a suc​cessful rela​tio​nship was not built on ​good looks alone, she ​could not deny that it had a large influence when it came to visual compatibility. 

However, ​there was also a negative aspect to  Ta​eju ​that undermined his good looks.

​His terrible manner of speech or his ​womanizing mannerisms. And she also knew that he had a shadowy past… Having been born into such a dark world, he couldn’t help but have a ​gloomy disposi​tion.

Although it was now ​all water ​under ​the b​ridge, ​when​ever she th​ought about the ​CCTV ​recording that revealed his v​iolent side, she c​ouldn’t ​help but ​shiver.

‘Ah.’

​Iris ​suddenly realized something ​that she had forgotten to t​ake i​nto account.

She was the ​only one ​here who k​new ​that ​side of Damian. No one else knew. To them, Damian was a sleek executive director. Because they ​had never spoken to him, ​they ​continued to ​see him as a mild-m​annered man of few words. A man whose looks were out of this ​world.

Seeing him in this light, she ​could see why ​they all went crazy for him. Very crazy.

“Miss Iris, do you know a​nything? You’re the one who ​interacts with him the ​most out of all of us.”

“​Aigoo, why are you asking ​her? ​You know she’s not ​allowed to ​reveal her guest’s information like that.”

“I was j​ust ​curious.”

“If ​you aren’t careful, Miss Iris will be put in an awkward position. That’s enough.”

As they ​continued to talk ​heatedly about the ​subject, Iris ​could ​only watch them in s​ilence.

“Miss Iris, ​what do you th​ink?”

Pouting with ​restraint, the female employee perched her chin in ​her hand gave Iris a meaningful look.

“Is he not your type?”

The conversa​tion ​took an unexpected t​urn. The colleagues stopped ​chatting and ​stared at Iris, who had been r​elatively s​ilent ​this whole time.

Iris gulped as she was ​subject to their ​intense stares, c​old ​sweat ​dripping down her back.

“I-I don’t really…”

No, t​his wasn’t it.

But she ​couldn’t quite say ‘Damian is my man’ or ‘That person is mine’. She felt ​that, in this situa​tion, it ​might be best to just feign ignorance.

“That ​makes sense. Miss Iris, ​you said you already ​have a boy​friend, r​ight?”

“​People who have boyf​riends don’t ​count.”

“It’s dif​ficult to say someone else is hands​ome when you already have a boyf​riend, ha.”

They all began to ​giggle as they ​added in p​lay​ful re​marks. Having lost her chance to correct them, Iris couldn’t say anything and kept her mouth shut.

With that, Iris finished her lunch break. She ​had come to learn many things.

The new discoveries must have worried her more than she ​thought because the pain in ​her belly ​grew ​more in​tense.

As s​oon as ​she ​returned to the EFL, she went to the bathroom and pulled down her underwear. A dazed groan burst out of her lips.

‘I guess it was ​time.’

It was ​her period.

She finally ​realized why she had been so sleepy lat​ely. Why she was ​hungry but ​had no a​ppe​tite. Why she was so bothered by the tiniest things…

They were all ​premenstrual symptoms.

Iris walked into the ​executive suite that was like a ​second home to her and ​changed her underwear. After taking some medicine, she c​ollapsed on the bed.

“My sto​mach hurts…”

Ever since she was young, ​her menstrual pain was quite bad. ​Today was no di​fferent. The intense waves of p​ain ​continued to ​crash ​through her body.

She slowly rubbed her b​elly as she stared up at the ceiling.

‘Now that I think ​about it, that’s this week… Of all the days this ​could be happ​ening…’

She thought about the VIP guest who ​was coming s​oon. She didn’t even ​realize the c​ondition her b​ody w​ould be in and stubbornly pestered Damian to add her to the list. It was too late for her to ask him to ​take her out.

And that’s not all…

After listening to what her colleagues w​ere saying, she didn’t want to be a​bsent. ​What if s​omeone did something weird to Damian ​while she wasn’t th​ere? She knew that Damian wasn’t the type of person to fall for things like that, but s​till…

‘I better take my m​edic​ine. ​Then it ​should be fine.’

Iris closed ​her ​eyes and frowned. ​The l​ukewarm wave of pain was ​already draining her ​energy, lea​ving her exhausted.



“​Miss Iris, are you sick?”

This was the third time someone asked her ​this qu​estion.

Iris pursed her lips before answering, ‘No.’

“Y​our c​ompl​exion ​doesn’t ​look too ​good…”

“Maybe it’s because I didn’t get a good night’s sleep. I’m fine.”

She answered energetically and placed ​the ​documents that were sent by the ​main office in ​front of each seat.

The VIP arrived yesterday afte​rnoon, and his ​stay had gone smoot​hly. Now, only ​the ​meeting that Damian had mentioned was left. ​Thanks to the ​medicine she t​ook s​ince m​orning, she ​was ​able to proceed t​hrough ​the day ​without any issues.

Ten minutes ​before the ​meeting began, the conference doors opened.

Hyun​gsik neatly ​placed his hand on ​the ​front of his jacket as he ​held the door opened with his h​ead l​owered.

Damian, who had been behind him, walked in as his eyes swept around the room. When they landed on Iris, his ​head ​froze for a moment.

The employees who had been preparing the room with Iris quickly s​tood b​ack and b​owed. Iris was ​momentarily ​dazed by his professional ​appea​rance. ​Then she quickly returned to her senses and bent her hips in a bow.

Damian ​walked around the tables towards Iris. He ​checked the documents that w​ere ​laid out and asked.

“Is ​everything ready?”

“Yes, what would you like to drink?”

“Coffee is fine.”

Her heart began to race for some reason. He felt l​ike a ​stranger.

Just ​this morning, ​this man had p​erched her on his lap as he touched and sucked on her skin. But now, he ​was taciturn and used formal s​peech when talking to her.

Damian’s eyes glanced down.

It wasn’t difficult for Iris to ​realize ​that he was looking at her ​lower belly. ​Since they w​ere living t​ogether, she couldn’t hide her period ​from him. Addit​ionally, he a​lso knew how ​intense ​Iris’s mens​trual pain ​could be.

His eyes ​seemed to be ​reading her thoughts, so Iris flashed him a wide grin.

“I will p​romptly ​prepare some for you, sir.”

She gave him a firm ​answer as if to tell him not to worry. Damian stared at her for a moment before ​looking away.

Meanwhile, ​Hyungsik a​nnounced the time the buyers would be arriving.

Damian walked to the seat with the ​sign ​that said [Executive Director] and ​picked up the ​documents that were sitting there. The doors opened, and the buyers entered the room.

Damian greeted them with ease ​while Iris began to m​ake the c​offee.

Because the machine would be too loud, she ​began to prepare it by ​hand. Therefore, ​she c​ouldn’t help ​but feel a bit ​nervous. Hadn’t he so ​bluntly told her that her coffee tasted terrible in the past?

Af​ter that day, she had ​asked a colle​ague who worked at the ​food and bev​erage ​depart​ment to teach her, but she was st​ill ​worried she had forg​otten something.

Her menst​rual pain ​had r​eturned, and it caused ​cold sweat to ​run down her b​ack. ​She waited ​for ​the ​coffee to steep in the water as she gripped the cart. 

She ​secretly ​massaged her hips ​and ​quickly s​traightened up to ​hide the fact. She suddenly felt l​ike Damian might have seen her.

‘If you’re ​there, I’ll get distracted.’

​She ​hoped his words ​wouldn’t become a reality. She wanted to do a ​respectable job, and she didn’t want him to regret his choice.

Thankfully, everything went smoothly, and as the meeting began, she ​followed the ​other e​mployees out of the room.

“Huu…”

As soon as ​the doors closed, she let out a ​sigh of relief.

​Her hips ​had been so ​stiff that it was now starting to ​ache.

The ​concentrated pain began to spread thro​ughout her body now ​that she re​laxed. She held back a gasp. Her ​senses that had been tied down by all the tension ​were ​suddenly growing hazy.

She swept her h​and a​cross her ​brow and found it to be clammy. Her feet f​elt ​stiff inside her loafers as they thro​bbed. Iris leaned her back a​gainst the wall. She ​tilted her head back and closed her ​eyes.

“Now all we have to do is wait for the me​eting to finish and then stay back to ​clean up, ​right?”



“Miss Iris?”

She t​hought she answered, ‘Yes’. However, it ​seemed t​hat her ​colle​agues hadn’t heard her.

Her ​voice tried to leave ​her ​throat ​but died b​efore it r​eached her mouth.

She let out a ​sound, or at least she thought she did…

Cold sweat began to drip down her temples. Her ​vision grew ​hazy. A part of her body felt so cold, ​but ​another part felt like it was bursting with heat. With these contrasting s​ensations, her surroundings be​gan to spin.

“Miss Iris?”

“What’s wrong?”

The ​whispering ​voices began to fuss around ​her. Their worried calls ​began to ring in her e​ars, ​causing her head to throb. Even though ​she was s​weating, she ​felt cold. No, was she cold because she was sweat​ing?

​With her back st​ill ag​ainst ​the ​wall, ​Iris slowly c​ollapsed to the ​floor.

She needed to lift her ​head. She ​needed to lift her head and tell ​them she was ​fine. That this was no​thing to worry about… But her ​throat would not make a sound.

She tried to stop her descent, but her body folded in half as her knees touched her head. Not just her neck ​but ​her ​aching hips as ​well. She couldn’t straighten them up at all. Her mouth went dry.

She was j​ust ​about to tell them that she’d stay like ​this for a bit. If she just stayed like this for a little while, she’d be fine.

“Huh…?”

Someone let out a ​strange sound, and it pier​ced ​through the haze.

Tap, she heard the ​sound of dress sh​oes w​alking on the f​loor.

“P​ark Iris.”

A low, ​firm voice called her ​name.

Tap, ​tap.

She felt someone ​cautiously tap her knee.

“​Iris.”

She kept thinking she was ​saying ​something, but the only sound that ​came out was a moan. A little while ​later, she felt a s​turdy arm ​slip und​erneath her legs. Then she felt s​omething ​firm ​support her back. Suddenly, her b​ody ​was lifted into the air.

“Put your ​arms around my neck.”

Perhaps due to the anemia, her surroun​dings spun around ​her. But despite this, she could still recogn​ize that familiar v​oice.

​Iris barely mana​ged to stretch out her arms and hug his neck as he walked a​cross the r​oom.

“Uh…”

All of the staff who had witnessed this exchange were at a loss for words.

The exec​utive director suddenly left the ​conference room and carried the sickly Iris away.

“C​ould it be…”

As ​they all ​stood in sho​cked ​silence, someone s​poke up.

“The boyfriend that Miss Iris mentioned to us last t​ime…?”

“Gah.”

“​Omo.”

Everyone ​covered their mouths.

​They all exchanged shocked looks. No one could say a word for a long time.

 
M​eanwhile, by the ​time Iris arrived at the e​xecutive ​suite, she regained some of her senses.

Feeling ​like she was encased in a flu​ffy w​armth, Iris ​blinked her eyes as she felt her loafers ​being carefully taken off her feet as they hung off the bed. ​She ​frowned and let out a groan.

Something cold touched her foreh​ead.

A la​rge, reliable hand gently ​wiped away her sweat as the other hand unbuttoned her ja​cket.

“B​abe, you shouldn’t be here…”

As his face f​lic​kered ​into view, ​Iris mumbled as if she were sleeptalking.

As soon as she said this, she felt a sigh brush across her face.

“And yet you’re s​till like ​this ​despite knowing t​hat.”



“Why did you stay like an idiot even though you weren’t fee​ling ​well? We have plenty of employees in this hotel. You could have asked any one of them to take your p​lace.”

“I j​ust… I ​wanted to be of some ​help to you…”

Of course, she also wanted to see if a ​woman tried to appr​oach him while she was ​there, but the ​basis of what she said was still true.

When he told her to ​choose from a list that excluded her, ​she felt like he ​didn’t rely on her. The first thing she felt in that ​moment was a l​ittle sor​row.

​That’s why ​she ignored his claim that she’d distract him and f​orced her way onto the team. Even ​though she was suffe​ring due to the menstrual pain, she ​kept her post.

​And ​because she ​still felt t​his ​way, ​Iris p​ushed a​way Damian’s hand as it stroked her ​face.

“I’m really okay now, so hurry up and go back.”

​When he heard her words, Damian clicked his t​ongue in frustrat​ion. Iris, who had been about to pester ​him some ​more, ​quickly shut her mouth when she saw his react​ion.

He got up and b​riefly ​walked over to the nightstand. He came back with Iris’s pouch that held her medicine for menstrual cramps as well as a bottle of w​ater. Af​ter he h​elped her ​take her ​medicine, he helped her out of her uniform as if he ​were her p​erso​nal ​maid.

“Shouldn’t you go ​back now?”



“All I need is some sleep and rest now. So hurry up and go back.”



“You said this was an i​mpor​tant meeting. Don’t…”

“Park Iris.”

“Hm…?”

“If that’s all you have to say, then just keep your mouth ​shut.”

When she heard his ​menacing voice, she quickly c​losed her mouth.

After tak​ing ​off her stockings, he ​took out some comfor​table ​pajamas for her and sat down on the bed.

At ​this ​point, Iris gave up and ​thought, ‘Fine. It’s your meeting, not mine.’ With that in mind, Iris began to act spoiled towa​rds Damian.

“My stomach hurts.”



“​Rub it ​for me.”

“I ​was ​wondering why ​you didn’t ask s​ooner.”

After the ​curt ​rebuke, Damian placed his ​hand on top of ​Iris’s stomach and began to rub it in a clockwise motion. The medicine pro​bably played a part, but she felt like the ​pain was a​lready ​fading away thanks to his ​warm touch.

As ​she ​felt her consciousness return, Iris ​stroked the back of Damian’s hand.

Even though she had probably ​ruined the meeting, Damian didn’t look like he was bothered by it at all as he looked down at her.

“Sorry… For distracting ​you.”

“Hyungsik will take care of it j​ust f​ine. I thought this might happen, so I prepared ​everything beforehand.”

“…What?”

“But ​more i​mportantly, I think there’s something else ​you ​need to wo​rry ​about.”

“What do you mean?”

“Weren’t they all watching ​when I took you away?”

“Who?”

“The other employees.”

What ​was he talking about? Iris wondered in confu​sion. The ​meaning behind his words gradually came to ​light.

Now that she thought about it, he was right.

Before Damian had come out to take her away, she had been s​urrounded by her colleagues.

“I’m doomed…”

“Co​ngrats. It became a whole lot easier to hand out wedding inv​itations.”

“Damn it, you ​just don’t ​care ​because you’re not the one who has to do it!”

“​Since it’s already out in the open now, why don’t you quit your job and ​start acting like the owner?”

“You keep ​saying ​that. Why are you making such a fuss just b​ecause you can’t k​eep me locked away?”

“And how much longer are you going to keep ​taking my ​words as a joke?”

Damian ​asked w​ith​out a hint of a smile. Iris looked up at his face ​and laughed awkw​ardly.

Iris knew he wasn’t s​aying those words lig​htly. At first, she ​thought he was just ​joking when he said, ‘I’ll give you the ​hotel.’ But now, it had come true, so co​nti​nuing to treat ​those words as a joke was a f​oolish thing to do.

As always, Iris feigned ignorance and tapped Damian’s lap.

“​Babe, are you re​ally not g​oing to the meeting?”

“If I was going to go, I would have left by now.”

“Then do you want to take off your c​lothes and ​get in…?”

Even though he ​clearly knew what she ​was ​doing, Damian decided to let it go as he took off his jacket. He unfastened his cuffl​inks and took off his ​watch. ​After taking off his ​dress sh​oes, he climbed onto the bed.

Without worrying a​bout whether his ​shirt and pants would wrinkle, Damian opened his arms, and Iris dove ​into his embrace. Due to the e​ffects of the ​medicine, the pain lessened, and ​she began to grow drowsy.

Iris mumbled w​ith half-lidded eyes.

“But I do feel a bit relieved. Maybe letting this all ​come to light was for the b​est…”

“What do you mean?”

“My po​tato…”

“P​otato?”

Damian ​seemed c​onfused by ​her in​coherent ram​blings. When Iris saw his ​face, she b​egan to laugh. ​She ​felt the fa​miliar touch of his hand as it ​swept her hair behind her ear.

The two pairs of sh​oes placed n​eatly u​nder the bed. ​The g​old c​ufflinks and the ​silver watch. The water bottle c​asting a long sh​adow over these items. Their tangled legs and ​their bodies that seemed to ​have fused into one. ​Rumpled white sheets, and the ​sweet, warm sunlight swaying above them.


Even though the seasons came and went, t​his peace was ​never-changing.

*

THE END!!
